napracowac porownaniu
wytrwalosci zaliczyc
ktore zaliczyly
zyczyc wytrwalosci
wysminiecie przygotowujacych
podsumowujac jesli
ciagle pochrzakiwanie
cwiczeniach zawrotna
prowadzacy utwierdzily
zaliczyly wiekszosc
mozna przerywac
mocno wygimnastykowac
zniechecil niektorych
zaliczeniem problemow
beznadziejne zdawalnosc
wkrecajac srube
niefajne zniechecil
porownywalny zadaniami
zaliczeniem dosc
zaliczylem robilem
czesciowo poprzednich
cwiczeniach myslal
chociaz troszke
jest porownywalny
ogolne podejszcie
wyklady niezrozumiale
bezposrednio stycznosc
inny zaliczylo
sie przygotowywac
rowniez zajecia
jesli zabraknie
wygimnastykowac pani
zaliczeniem kolokwia
moze podyktowac
niezle napracowac
zaliczyla kolokwiach
zajeciach nastepnym
wzgledem cwiczen
nieprzyjazne wykladowca
wzielo przyklady
nieprzystepna plotkuje
cokolwiek zanotowac
beznadziejne beznadziejna
zajakniecia sie
zadnuch zaliczen
beznadziejne beznadziejne
jesli mozesz
wiekszosc kartkowek
zawrotna predkoscia
przyjemnosc miec
calkowice nieprzyjazne
przechodzic przyspieszony
kolokwia niespodziewajki
bardzo niesprawiedliwy
pochrzakiwanie doprowadza
przygotowywac potem
szalu zaliczeniem
narysowac wybrzuszenie
jakies zaliczenie
niezrozumialy przepisuje
zaliczenie wykladu
jesli ktos
rowniez trudnosci
straszy wyrzuceniem
poszczegolnych zajec
tylu wzgledem
zaliczenia mozna
wyklad beznadziejny
wartosciowego kolokwia
zaliczyc wogole
egzaminu wlasciwie
kolach zaliczylo
godzince wykrelscie
studenta nieprzyjazne
przerwac polzdania
zaliczaniem poszczegolnych
najwieksza motywacja
wlasciwie zerowe
zachacza zaliczenie
zaliczyc generalnie
beznadziejne ogolne
wychodzilem znerwiony
jezdzil zwlaszcza
nauczyc niebardzo
zaliczyl ale
wszechwiedzaca na
wrecz chamska
zdziwcie sie
zdobyc punkty
odrobce wykopala
decydowala rowniez
podyktowac zadanie
jest nieprzystepna
rysowane wkrecajac
przygotowujacych wnioski
zrobic musialyby
bez zajakniecia
wyklad niezrozumialy
wyklady cwiczen
wykladu wyklady
srednia arytmetyczna
najdrobniejsze szczegoly
poniewaz zdolni
dobrze tlumnaczyl
niektorych jesli
zaliczenia kolokwia
niektrorych studentow
ksiazek zaliczenie
sie zastanowilem
oszczednosc kazdy
stanowczo odradzam
punkty ujemne
zajecia algebry
nalezy narysowac
najdalej wyklady
mnie odrzucila
szczegolnie poczatkach
juszkiewicz potocznie
zaliczyc podstawa
zapisywaniem nazwisk
beznadziejnie diagnoza
obecnosc ktora
ujemne dzieki
za wszechwiedzaca
niesprawiedliwy system
niezrozumiale studentow
niesamowice ciezko
musialyby przechodzic
byly czesciowo
beznadziejna kolokwia
indywidualna odpytke
przerywac bo
jezykiem stanowczo
unikniesz pozaostaje
czlowiek wkurza
unikac uciekac
beznadziejna unikac
kolegow ktorzy
latwo zdobyc
czlowieku mysle
wyszlo oczywiscie
zanotowac na
omijac szerokim
mieli przyjemnosc
nie zaliczylem
niespodziewajki brak
materialy beznadziejne
uzytkowe koszmar
nieziemski poprostu
zalic popieprzona
uciekac za
nie zaliczyla
siadasz jesli
wyklady wogole
bawimy glownie
utwierdzily mnie
troszke trudniejsze
wygimnastykowac
ulamki roznych
chodzic jesli
httpwwwntifpwrwrocplkwazardefaulthtm portalik
predkoscia rozwiazuje
tlumnaczyl ale
wszytkiego dla
nie zaliczyl
rozwiazywaniu zadan
jest niesamowice
zdawalnosc kolokwiach
mierniki oczywiscie
wykladach przepisuje
najistotniejsze jest
cwiczenia idzesz
osobiscie zrobilam
ale zaliczeniem
panem cwiczenia
jesli bedziesh
wstanie nauczyc
rysoowanie sruby
wytumaczyc trzeba
problem zaliczeniem
url httpwwwntifpwrwrocplkwazardefaulthtm
pozaostaje zyczyc
jesli jestes
krystycznym srodki
uczyc widac
cwiczeniach zawsze
uproszczenia kolokwium
nie zdziwcie
zaliczyl es
ogolnie odradzam
wyklad cwiczenia
uciekac to
potrafi wytlumaczyc
nauczyc nieeeeeeee
zdenerwowal jakies
jesli czytasz
podstawa zaliczenia
tresci wykladu
obecnosc decydowala
powiedzial zadnych
beznadziejnym tylko
zaliczyl em
zdolni studenci
szczescia mozna
olowkiem rysowane
marnego zaliczenia
wyniosla tych
stycznosc facet
sposobem oblewa
unikac zaliczeni
kursutematyczna cwiczenia
pomoca jesli
wyscig szczorow
miare bezstresowo
wczystko do
wykladowcy robia
testem wielokrotnego
uciekajcie od
dla porownania
stracony nudny
ta zaliczyl
okolo podsumowujac
przegowniany niego
ogolne podejscie
jest beznadziejna
pielgrzymke do
jak beznadziejnie
rozowo ogolnie
pojecia programowaniu
skonczylo sie
poprostu szkoda
niechec spowodowana
powtarzanie wykladu
przyklady ciagu
jestes elelktrycznego
srednim wysokim
samemu zeswirowac
beznadzieja babka
sa beznadziejnym
jest sluzbistka
pucharowym rysunkow
zaliczylo osob
srodki zachowawcze
ciekawie zdenerwowal
nie zasnela
systemem pucharowym
zaliczyc unikaj
nieprzyjazne ten
nawet odechciewa
wyklady nudne
zasnela nie
nie wytlumaczy
eklektycznym wydziale
wytlumaczyc tego
odradzam jakikolwiek
cio obowiazuje
jest potwierdzna
obleje jezeli
kartkowek ponadto
ksiazce nic
cwiczenia unikac
wiec dobiegach
mozna kompetnie
cwiczeniach za
pierwszych cwiczeniach
spojrzy ogolnie
ktore zdaly
ntomiast ograniczenie
takowe mozesh
cie obleje
prowadzacych przyklad
naciaga punktow
drpa jesli
tydzien nudny
totalna beznadzieja
zastanowilem nad
wyrzuceniem sali
rysunki reczne
pakiety uzytkowe
zajec prowadzaca
podejszcie do
jak beznadziejne
matematyczna cwiczenia
na cwiczeniach
sprawdzajace wiedze
tematycznej opowiesci
jesli kiedykolwiek
zlecania zadan
nauczyc wg
zaliczyc tak
znerwiony zadaz
relacje kolegow
zechce powec
by zaliczyl
potrafi wytumaczyc
ktos inny
niesprawiedliwy
egzaminem znadnym
powszechna ps
jak przegowniany
wtedy szczesliwy
losowo dowodami
niebardzo podstawa
rozwiazac niektorych
przygotowujacych
fizyka cwiczenia
kolokwium ktore
malych liczb
beznadziejny nie
szczesliwy przez
poczucia humoru
niezrozumiale nic
przygotowywac
wykladowca akademii
niektorymi zwrotami
elektroniczne cwiczenia
mowi indywidualna
poprawnie rozwiazane
ktorym rysuje
znanym jezykiem
zdalo najwiecej
bicia osiowego
nie wyniosla
ograniczenie ciagow
zaliczenia laborek
httpwwwntifpwrwrocplkwazardefaulthtm
indeksie zaliczenia
nie porozmawiasz
panem jesli
swiat matematyczny
cwiczenia ocena
sa beznadziejne
poczatkach programowania
ciagow dziwi
obgaduje poniza
wqrwialem to
mozesh bedziesh
czegos doczepic
do wszytkiego
gosciem mozna
wykrelscie te
wnikac dlaczego
na pielgrzymke
podobal wyklady
ponoc porzadku
kolokwium zaliczajace
potwierdzna przez
to skonczylo
ludzkie pojecie
pkt wczystko
radojewska beata
zadan komplikuje
oceniania poniewaz
prezentacji powerpointa
kolokwiow ciagle
tym czlowieku
uznaje zadnuch
kursy ktore
roznych mianownikach
sie zaliczyc
wszechwiedzaca
odechciewa brak
maria szeloch
poczatek choc
wytlumaczy bo
zwlaszcza na
grupy cwiczeniowe
jego oszczednosc
wyklad odradzam
kursuatematyczna cw
ksiezyc ocena
potrafi zaliczyc
mowic odradzam
zaliczyc ale
moga przystapic
nudne wyjatkim
wiecej przysiadl
studentow szczegolnie
przyczepic jesliktos
zjecia trzeba
odrazu kaze
chcialam skonczyc
czesciowo
problemy niektorymi
tydzien jakies
porownaniu do
radojewskiej url
na wqrwialem
pojecie czesto
rysunkow recznych
skonczyc nim
podstawy zarzadzania
istna rzez
maszyna liczaca
unikac wyrywaj
beaty radojewskiej
brak beznadziejne
jezyku wogole
tylko jesli
wemif wyklad
przez wiekszosc
plotkuje obgaduje
chodzic gosciu
dosc dziwne
pozostali ostatnie
wejsciem dowod
beznadziejne sa
zakonczeniem laborek
mironem bedzie
ma wlasnie
przeszkadzanie zajeciach
ppt wyklady
choc niektorzy
starac zeby
cwiczeniowe osob
wiekszosc nawet
pisac jakies
ekonomia wydzial
mierna dopuszczajaca
gwintem nalezy
zedytowalam posta
jest rowniez
obecnosci obecnosc
pamietam zeby
obnizy ocene
ocena srednia
porozmawiasz bo
zdanie prowadzacym
wytrwalosci
balbalbal poprostu
moja najwieksza
yellow zedytowalam
zaliczyc jest
slajdow sruby
nie zaliczyc
straszne nudy
robi przyklady
zaliczenie jest
osobowosc ocena
skomplikowana osobowosc
nie wnikac
miec powolanie
niespodziewajki
jesli tyklo
posmiac przeciwnym
srednio podobal
doczepic dac
rozszerzone kartkowki
pochrzakiwanie
potrafi przerwac
emeryturze meczy
liczaca kalkulator
poniza wydziera
wykladu mnie
jesli sie
wykladac wszystko
wyklady byly
potrafi tlumaczyc
przyklady tego
jakies rozszerzone
przyklad weglinski
zeby zalic
glowe wlazl
zaliczyc pan
zasnac laborki
rysunkow rysuje
wykladzie mialem
czasem wrecz
bedziesz juz
recznych ktore
wyciaga srednia
przyklady sa
zajakniecia
wykopala mnie
kartkowki przyczepia
nie unikniesz
sluze pomoca
rowniez tym
cwiczen drugie
wiekszosc czasu
przy rozwiazywaniu
tego uczyc
minusa siadasz
robic uwazam
problemow pokazywal
zadko poniewaz
jej zechce
cos wartosciowego
niego powszechna
prowadzaca jest
podyktowac
sluzbistka nie
oczywiscie jak
zrobili smy
tragiczny usypiac
kolokwiami wiec
testy sprawdzajace
humoruzy ogolne
dopuszczajaca totalna
miec calkowicie
ceni poniewaz
dzieki ktorym
sie wzielo
przepusci kilka
kieruje swoje
od skonczylo
wykladu to
pojecia jak
ocena odradzam
szybko niewyraznie
mial latwiejsza
grupy cwiczeniowej
otwor gwintem
testow ktorych
aktywny kochasz
zajecia pod
ludziom ktorzy
dlugopisem trzeba
tlumaczyc ale
akademii rolniczej
jakiejs godzince
spokojniej gosciem
dostaje wiecej
zdanie uwazam
porzadku dobrze
skomplikowane rownania
ogolnie gdy
wyklady prowadzone
strasznie niefajne
prowadzi niezrozumiale
jesliktos na
grubym olowkiem
do niektrorych
co cwiczenia
dwoch malych
wyswietlaniu na
tresc zadan
dwa przyklady
cwiczeniowej no
zaliczyc na
wydziale wemif
polecam stracielem
sluchac tylko
gabka wiekszosc
zaliczeniem
godny polecenia
najgorszy jest
przyjemnosc
tyklo mozecie
jest zaliczyc
chcesz zaliczyc
uciekal jak
sie bawimy
zaliczenie wszystkich
porozumiec bryja
tlumnaczyl
czasami przepusci
prezentacje pisane
wyklady sa
zaliczenie kilka
potrafi wykladac
zdenerwowal troche
zabraknie ci
endeeste omijac
glownie fotomontazem
chodz gosciu
cie wiecej
cwiczenia robi
studenci ktorzy
wydziale elektrycznym
motywacja zeby
nie bezposrednio
jest obecnosc
zaliczyc idzie
koniec zaliczyc
przerywac
wykladu jak
zaliczenie do
podobnej trudnosci
sie zachacza
olewaj gorniaka
na wyswietlaniu
dosc samozapracia
oj zdenerwowal
wydziera sie
tematyke ogolnie
smieje dst
nie zaliczysz
na zjecia
zajec chaotyczny
sie uzbierac
cwiczenia co
podsumowujac
wiedzy zaliczyc
wyklady nie
zaliczylo
oddac zanim
stwarza problemy
wlasnie na
mianownikach bawil
zerowe calkowice
nieo spojrzy
wybrzuszenie drewna
niewyraznie ze
prowadzi rowniez
porownania na
ponadto pozniej
trudniejsze aaa
jest wyscig
wyklad przepisuje
sruby gwinty
grupami srednim
bedziesh mial
nieeeeeeee podstawa
niego najistotniejsze
uciekajcie
tragicznie nudne
zadaniach generalnie
porownywalny
zajeciach robi
trudnosci zapowiedziane
sa wymyslne
egzaminu ilosc
pocwiczyc to
calkowicie dobrze
doslownie regulki
stronie ksiazce
przed zakonczeniem
biednych studentow
grpa smierci
nie podpadaj
zl konsultacje
forma wykladu
arytmetyczna moja
kursui fotogrametria
jest milutki
laborki miernikow
zeby jakos
studenta szanuj
algebra liniowa
skonczylo czyli
cale zajecia
zanotowac
jesli masz
nastepnym roku
za wszelka
zaliczenie na
nie straszne
cwiczen heh
srednia url
zaliczyly
meczy biednych
nie naciaga
twarz jesli
szczegoly nic
wyobrazac sobie
wydzial ppt
chaotyczny ciezko
zalicze bez
tablicy przechodzi
dr radojewska
liliana janicka
jest zaliczenie
wszelka cene
nieprzystepna
daje ciezkie
zalicze system
ciagle robi
swoj swiat
poprawki kolokwiow
napisac strone
zaliczyla
bycia chociaz
niesamowice
niewielkie wprowadzenie
pielgrzymke
mowiac nic
brak niewspodziewajek
regulki ksiazek
tych prostrzych
jest nieziemski
wymyslne nie
ogolnie lipa
jego ciagle
budownictwa mial
zaliczenie pkt
oczywiscie ponad
podpadaj mu
chyba niebardzo
innych prowadzacych
przechodzi ludzkie
komu wyklady
dobrze tlumaczy
jestes facetem
zaliczyl
zdziwcie
starac powiem
cene jesli
sie programowac
prowadzic zajec
potocznie jan
nie pospisz
terminie jesli
zaliczylem
sie porozumiec
wkrecajac
jes jakas
zaliczysz na
analiza wyklady
mozna dowiedziec
kurs powtorowy
mowi doslownie
do poczucia
wczystko
przyklad tolerancji
wlasciwie
kazimierz jozef
zadnych konkretow
nauczyc sie
dziewczyna choc
rada jesli
wiecej punktow
zaliczen poza
ale najgorszy
napracowac
na wyklady
na cwiczenia
elelktrycznego to
czasu poswieca
ciezkie zadania
konkretne pojecia
stracielem przez
odradzam gosc
wogole mowi
wyrzuceniem
niektorych zadan
zaliczeni brak
naprawde niezle
bezstresowo go
poprostu ideal
nich dlugopisem
wielokrotnego wyboru
zastanowilem
zwiazku tym
kiedykolwiek dorwe
wykladu pare
odrzucila
ta niechec
wzgledem
liczb pierwsze
matematyczna wyklad
cwiczenia ja
kartkowek oraz
uwazam ze
ocena ogolna
poszczegolnych
jeszcze obnizy
informatyki wyklad
wyjatkim jednego
na zaliczenie
od szczescia
informatyka wyklad
robilismy zadanie
cwiczenia na
sposob nudny
reszty zadan
uciekac
ciagu zajec
caloksztalt nie
jesli nie
kolokwia poprawki
zeby zrozumiec
zedytowalam
jesli chcesz
wszyscy wykladowcy
smieszyla mnie
ugody na
przepuscil po
nie obleje
sie nauczyc
ktorych stopien
przed wejsciem
bolu wyklad
powszechna
gwinty balbalbal
dodac dwoch
niego uciekal
potrafi nauczyc
odradzam tego
tlumaczenia jest
cie bie
znadnym na
studentem jes
oblewa okolo
wykladzie dalej
analize zalicze
przyspieszony kurs
zbytnio dogadac
zadaje programy
podaj przyklad
jest chaotyczna
ich skrypcie
poprostu idzie
odpytke czyli
na wykladach
egzaminie ktorego
polowy studentow
smy powtarzanie
obecnosc byc
beznadziejnie
kolokwiach sprawa
zasnela
oblicza skomplikowane
rund zalicze
jest ntomiast
no poprostu
gosciu daje
wyklad prowadzony
przepisuje swoj
nie powiedzial
konsultacje cyt
beznadziejny
kochasz chemie
egzaminie podstawowym
ma ugody
kartkowek potem
zeby miec
nudny nie
punkta kosztuje
osob wysminiecie
smieja ze
wiedzial gdzie
beznadziejnym
ocene ogolnie
przystapic osoby
wiedze informatyki
komputerowe laborki
nauczyc ale
dobiegach nie
jakas dziewczyna
wytlumaczy
popieprzona analize
elektryczny nudny
zjeciach nie
kole jesli
niego jesli
nie wyobrazac
zdanie pozniej
srednio osoba
samemu lubia
nich kieruje
zadan udalo
zniechecil
po wykladzie
szanuj mnie
nie trafialy
na odrobce
utwierdzily
sesji zeby
tolerancji bicia
kilka rysunkow
szczerze mowiac
bedzie spokojniej
gdyz pytanai
koniec zaliczenie
bez uproszczenia
potrafil wykorzystac
te chociaz
stoi zegarkiem
cwiczeniach
historia zlecania
wyniosla
przekonaniu relacje
rzez potrafi
np rysoowanie
irence znanym
techniki komputerowe
szeloch kurs
mozna miec
zadana tematyke
nie naleza
wkurza rada
tablice wiec
zegarkiem mija
wyklad multimedialne
nie rozwijajacy
szerokim lukiem
mozna samemu
tdzien pisac
wqrwialem
edukacyjny kwazar
najwieksza
wszystkie stwarza
wiedze miec
kole bedziesz
mieli pojecia
odechciewa
wykladzie bo
zdobyc
szczorow kto
zadan glowie
nieprzyjazne
sie rysunki
zwlaszcza
gadanie godny
jakim jezyku
bedziesh pisal
problemy osobiscie
podejszcie
cwiczen nim
kurs zwiazku
obowiazuje na
tych kolokwiow
mieli jesli
msci ogolnie
zdecydowanie odradzam
poswieca na
koncu wykladu
uzbierac pkt
tych kartkowek
zarzadzania ocena
cwiczeniowe
wyznaczonych terminach
fotogrametria na
miec wiedze
lub wywoluje
ii wyklad
na zajeciach
to zrobic
kompetnie nie
na ksiezyc
zadamoe nic
niewspodziewajek egzamin
powolanie do
ogolnie okolo
za caloksztalt
tlumaczy ale
godziny cwiczen
stycznosc
ok kartkowek
tu szczegolnie
na zjeciach
zajeciach mimo
jakos udalo
ma cwiczen
od tlumaczenia
smierci na
osiowego nikt
mozecie mialem
chodzi zaliczenie
lepsza ocene
jerzy bajorek
dodaje ulamki
ktore jest
beznadziejne
by pocwiczyc
ocenic skomplikowana
poczatek dobra
na wykladzie
jest kartkowka
najistotniejsze
ekranie prezentacji
oplaca sie
przepros kartke
wywoluje na
nudny pokaz
gorniaka nie
duzo siedziec
wykrelscie
zajec absurdalny
ze ktos
dowodami na
srednio razy
glupie gadanie
osobista sprawa
egzaminie przeszlo
na kolokwiahc
trudnosci jest
za stracony
wytumaczyc
malcher kazimierz
niebardzo mu
ktos robi
wszytkiego
samym wykladzie
wytlumaczyc
najwiecej osob
przegowniany
niezrozumialy
jakies tego
pan srednio
stareotypach przyczepia
beata wprowadzenie
ktore robi
chcial dac
musze przyznac
na policzkach
poniewaz na
omijac tak
je okazywal