rozwijajacy przygotowanie
wysminiecie przygotowujacych
narysowac wybrzuszenie
przygotowujacych wnioski
niewielkie wprowadzenie
zaliczaniem poszczegolnych
kartkowki przyczepia
wielokrotnego wyboru
zaliczenie wszystkich
wytrwalosci zaliczyc
mocno wygimnastykowac
beznadziejne zdawalnosc
zaliczeniem kolokwia
zdenerwowal jakies
przeszkadzanie zajeciach
sie przygotowywac
nieprzyjazne wykladowca
zdawalnosc kolokwiach
przygotowywac potem
szczegolnie poczatkach
potrafi wytlumaczyc
zyczyc wytrwalosci
przeszlo dodatkowe
ciagle pochrzakiwanie
najdrobniejsze szczegoly
wytumaczyc trzeba
przy rozwiazywaniu
rozwiazywaniu zadan
pochrzakiwanie doprowadza
egzaminie podstawowym
szybko niewyraznie
niewspodziewajek egzamin
wartosciowego kolokwia
zaliczenie wykladu
rysowane wkrecajac
wychodzilem znerwiony
ograniczenie ciagow
beznadziejna kolokwia
rozwiazac niektorych
kolokwia niespodziewajki
trudnosci zapowiedziane
najszybciej wyklad
niezrozumialy przepisuje
czlowieku mysle
najwieksza motywacja
egzaminu wlasciwie
ciekawie zdenerwowal
wszytkiego dla
latwo zdobyc
bedzie spokojniej
musialyby przechodzic
powtarzanie wykladu
zniechecil niektorych
przechodzic przyspieszony
podstawie kursutematyczna
wszechwiedzaca na
rolniczej dlatego
zdecydowanie odradzam
brak niewspodziewajek
wygimnastykowac pani
wytlumaczyc tego
wydziale przeznaczony
potrafi wytumaczyc
nieprzystepna plotkuje
rozszerzone kartkowki
pakiety uzytkowe
podstawy zarzadzania
wstanie nauczyc
chamska zdecydowanie
straszy wyrzuceniem
jezdzil zwlaszcza
ktore zdecydowanie
czesciowo poprzednich
zachowawcze wyslac
podyktowac zadanie
zaliczyla kolokwiach
ogolne podejszcie
latwiejsza grupe
powtorowy prowadzi
uzytkowe koszmar
czlowiek wkurza
wszystkiego kazdy
porownywalny zadaniami
calkowice nieprzyjazne
egzaminie przeszlo
jakies zaliczenie
wszystkich zajec
zawsze wychodzilem
przypadkiem mialem
kursutematyczna cwiczenia
wykladach przepisuje
najszybciej musze
tematycznej opowiesci
testem wielokrotnego
potrafil wykorzystac
rozwiazuje zadania
sie zagadnieniami
podstawie kursuatematyczna
poszczegolnych zajec
kiedy przyjdzie