przeczytac obojetnie
wszystek obecnosc
wiekszosc czytac
czfizyczny prowadzic
niezdazyc ja
rozwiazywac jakis
poniewaz zaliczyc
rozgrzewka nieobecnosc
czas przecietnie
czytac ksiazka
polegac zjawisko
prowadzic wlasnie
mozna zapomniec
pierwszy ostatni
pierwszy zajecia
pomaranczowy rewolucja
ksiazka rozwiazywac
kraj niemieckojezyczny
przygotowac lista
czytac wszystek
prowadzic zgodnie
zajeci przydatny
nieobecnosc kazdy
za wszystek
przedostatni zajeci
zostawac ulozyc
pierwszy zajecie
radze uczyc
wszystek pozno
przydac ja
podstawa przygotowac
nie zaliczyc
jeszcze kolokwium
przygotowac biznes
zadanie projektowy
sesja przepadac
wejsciowka sprawozdan
podstawa zostawac
za prowadzak
sprawozdanie radzic
zaliczyc kolo
zaliczyc kurs
zajecia wygladaj
znac przynajmniej
zglaszajcie do
wszystek prowadzic
na przedostatni
nieobecnosc spozniec
kartkowka wszystek
obecnosc prowadzic
miec korzystac
pozno wybrac
ostatni prowadzic
kolo wszystek
oczywiscie pawac
zaliczyc em
czas zapytac
charakterystyka wzor
nic powiedziec
wszystek kartkowka
zaliczec obecnosc
kolokwia prezentacja
na zaliczec
pytanie zdawac
przeczytac
kod podczas
uczyc nie
podstawa wprowadzic
ja lacznac
trzeba przeczytac
kartkowka doliczac
pierwszy sprawozdanie
zajec prowadzic
zaliczyc es
wszystko aktywnosc
przed wszystko
zupelnosc powyzszy
dwa zajecie
zaliczec na
niemieckojezyczny na
chodzic na
podczas oddawac
poszedl po
najpierw kazdy
zbytnio przyszlosc
czy na
lacznac widzial
kazdy zajecia
powiedziec to
sie zglaszajcie
uczyc sie
zdawac sie
przyznac
prowadzic przez
przedostatni
prowadzic sa
koniec bodajze
odpowiedz przy
czas zrobic
kolokwium zaliczeniowy
raczej notatka
prowadzic rozgrzewka
rozwiazac reszta
tez spozniic
przedostatni zajecei
na sprawozdanie
zaliczc trzy
rozgrzewka minuta
kartkowka zadanie
czyza nie
zaliczec koncowy
dotyczyc kurs
sie zblaznic
zajecia czytac
sprawozdanie na
zaliczec referat
dopuszczony do
jak poszedl
kurs oczywiscie
niz powiedziec
szmajdzinski czy
dzielic na
na zajecie
trzeba zaliczyc
nie przydac
przynajmniej na
jeszcze zadanie
koniecznie sie
to przyznac
patrzec na
dobrze zaokraoglyc
powiedziec em
powiedziec on
koniecznie
pierwszy kolo
przy tablica
sie uczyc
ja zdac
spozniic spoznienie
dotyczyc wyklad
na przyklad
spozniec wpis
zaliczenie byc
zapowiedziac czas
miec zaliczc
czysty konto
ahao powiedziec
pytanie przy
autentycznie sam
juszkiewicz doktor
wiekszosc
zajecie pierwszy
przy oddawac
zgoda mozna
koncowy zaliczec
przecietnie
przez ktos
dotyczyc laborka
labork nieorganicznej
aby zaliczyc
raz mozna
matematyczny wiec
dziala takze
tlumaczyc co
zapomniec
definicja za
wiec matematyka
poziom kraj
sa jeszcze
na cwiczenia
calkowici sie
zrobic kartkowka
zglaszajcie
dokladnie definicja
reszta zajec
ahao koniecznie
srednio zapisywalo
sie zaliczec
ze dzielic
przyszlosc
korzystac
kazda mozny
powyzszy opinia
nieobecnosc trzeba
rozwiazywac
prowadzic nastepujacy
tak zwany
forma zaliczec
mozna miec
przyklad wykladow
sie zupelnosc
definicja wykres
powiedziec
miary bezstresowo
podczas
nieorganicznej
prowadzacy cwiczenie
nieorganiczny wyklad
zblaznic niz
napisac krotka
pokaz slajd
on przejsce
oraz odpowiedz
sprawdzac czas
czy dwa
trzy kartkowka
zaliczc
podstawa obecnosci
nie wiedziec
przecietnie co
zajecia doktor
jankowski elzbieta
to niezdazyc
przyklad opic
ja polecac
zjawisko
czas patrzec
konkretny wzor
na zajecia
mloda czlowiek
zjawisko comptono
liczba czy
spozniec
oprocz zadanie
zajecia rozgrywac
kolokwiac kazdy
zaliczenie
analityczny cwiczenie
nieorganiczny cw
przygotowac
zaliczec praca
sprawozdanie dobrze
to wszystek
zapisywalac sie
na wydzial
organizacj zajmowal
sredni kartkowka
bez konsekwencja
skladac sie
rozwiazac
juz koniec
sprawdzic egzamin
projektowy byc
tydzien wczesnie
sprawozdanie regularnie
temat pomaranczowy
mial nieobecnosc
mial czysty
zajec wolny
sie zgadzac
ale mozna
byc przygotowac
dopiero jak
na zadany
praca mozny
na podstawa
bodajze
powodzenie
dzik malgorzata
obojetnie jaki
na koniec
wszystek lub
kartkowka bylo
oczywiscie
zajecie oceniac
spoleczny
recznie dopiero
zaliczec ten
raczej
program wszystko
na kazdy
na pierwszy
filozofia spoleczny
zajecia sprawdzac
tylko przez
zaliczec
niemieckojezyczny
czesi pisemny
spoleczny inny
czytac
wyrazic zgoda
calkowici
wszystek byc
wiedziec co
prowadzic razem
wiedziec
sie zabierac
na tydzien
dopuszczony
szmajdzinski
raz pierwszy
zaliczyc
jesli wiec
ocena wejsciowka
ksiazka do
zostawac
jeden nieobecnosc
cwiczenie wiec
niezdazyc
koniec nie
analityczny cw
zajmowal sie
prowadzic filo
na poziom
zadanie na
zajecei robic
wzor uklad
lacznac
dwa mozny
wszystek
rozgrzewka
nastepny nieobecnosc
spoznienie to
trzeba miec
odpowiedz zly
mozna opuscic
rozniczkowy
tydzien jak
wszystko
wiec pisze
kazdy nastepna
gierczak profesor
zapowiedziac
obecnosc na
wyklad fizyka
przypadek ten
byc dopuszczony
filozofia starczyc
nieorganiczny ii
on uczyc
laboratorium prowadzic
matematyka miec
dobrze oddawac
czlowiek
przydatny bo
przydatny
aktywnosc obecnosc
raz czy
albo wczesnie
na konsultacja
zlo pkta
zgadzac sie
kazdy nastepnie
eit czfizyczny
na wydzal
bezstresowo
analityczny analiza
przynajmniej
na wyklada
kosz za
co zajecie
wykres za
wygladaj tak
lista obowiazuc
zapic sie
obowiazuc ktory
zaokraoglyc na
powturkow na
chodzic do
co mozna
wprowadzic do
juszkiewicz
przejsce
za kazda
kazdy po
bezstresowo on
zostawiac
po polski
dwa kolokwiac
opinia dotyczyc
miec wlaczony
wyklad na
obecnosc raz
zajeci
przypadek
em prowadzacy
wiec tak
sprawdzac obecnosc
zupelnosc
czfizyczny
ksiazka
miec sprawdzic
czy sa
na kartka
trzba napisac
wiec nie
elektronik wiec
okolica sesja
kartkowka oraz
autentycznie
bardzo nie
za kazdy
zapisywalo sie
projektowy
nieorganiczny
wyklad elementow
byc prowadzic
kilka dzial
prawda na
zaliczeniowy
na wniosek
wczesnie
krzysztof rohleder
jakis organizacj
kolo trzba
zabierac do
zwykle praca
wejsciowka
spozniic
pomaranczowy
pierwszy poprawkowy
zajecie
bodajze pytan
problem wychodzic
obecnosc obowiazkowy
robic sprawozdanie
czyza
na liczba
dotyczyc
sprawozdanie
przyklad
juz semestr
rozgrywac byc
my powiedziec
wyklada na
rohleder fizykac
koncowy czesi
cizman agnieszka
rozgrywac
kartkowka sprawka
konkretny pomysl
technika podst
wlasnie zaborski
semestr kosz
kartkowka sa
jeszcze
zajecia trzeba
poprawkowy miec
kreslic po
ii cwiczenie
na obecnosc
do sprawozdan
protokol cwiczenie
jesli nie
za wykres
pomysl na
wydzial elektronik
recznie
spoznienie
jak ktos
skladac
tlumaczyc
statyka wyklad
kazdy nastepny
algorytm rozwiazac
sprawozdan to
inz poniewaz
kazac sobac
na moj
zostawiac materialy
uczyc
ten przedmiot
to sprawozdanie
dzial kazdy
mialam pojecia
sprawdzic
mozny dostac
wyklad sie
projekt miec
wychodzic
zwracac
zdawac
przydac
podstawa rownan
dobry odpowiedz
jedynie wyklad
nie radze
pozdro
wprowadzic
kolo nalezec
pozno
egzamin poniewaz
poszedl
prowadzic
trzmiel justynac
niemiecki coz
matematyczny ii
zblaznic
byc jeszcze
byc zapowiedziac
domaradzkiy
zajecei
ps przypadek
zaborski
organiczny
mozny nie
temat czas
tekst tematyka
jak sie
nastepujacy sposobadawac
kolokwiac
fizyka kolo
raz na
dzien wpsia
najpierw
kolo jak
wolny zwykle
malgorzata
skrypt raczej
czysty
przez
warto chodzic
pan czyza
kolo fizyka
notatka wyklad
wykladow na
gierczak
domagarowy pozdrawiac
za definicja
nawet tydzien
rownan rozniczkowy
punkt kartkowka
co jak
minister szmajdzinski
pytanie kazdy
sprawozdan
zajmowal
radze scigac
mozna robic
zgadzac opinia
kurs powturkow
prezentacja na
sie kartkowka
zapisywalac
charakterystyka
chemia nieorganiczny
umiec idza
krotka
kolo napisac
wyrywkowy na
na wyklad
analiza matematyczny
jednokrotny wybor
czesi
wykreslny doktor
sa dobrze
poprawiac kolo
bo zawitac
konto dostawal
ten podstawa
nie wypowiadac
przez semestr
on siatkowke
sie zbytnio
zadany temat
kara kreslic
wedlug konkretny
wozniak wladyslaw
tematyka wyklad
ktos chciec
semestr zimowy
fizykac ii
niemiecki
wyklad profesor
starczyc
para kazac
koniec robic
agnieszka
troche podobny
idza dac
czas
wyklad chemia
kazdy jakis
nie radzic
zwany ksia
plan domaradzkiy
uwaga obecnosc
zadanie domowy
em spokoj
wpis jak
powyzszy
oddac projekt
byc prezentacja
kolo trzeba
mianowicie miec
sluze pomoca
doktor wyrazic
kolokwium koncowy
prowadzak
analityczny
matematyczny
po zadanie
robic recznie
nie wpisywac
na kolo
nastepnie na
przyklad minister
moj opinia
elzbieta
egzamin mozny
przedmiot
cwiczenia
chodzic
fizykac
siatkowke
wpisywac inz
aktywnosc
zadanka albo
laborka elementow
ostatni
znac
doliczac sie
opuscic zajecia
prowadzic labork
okolo pytanie
podstawa
tylko raz
raz ktos
konsultacja
zajec
pisemny ustny
jakis zadanka
gdy zapisywalac
gadac na
aby jednak
kartkowka
zwany
kurs filozofia
powturkow
ktory znac
co tydzien
agnieszka mgr
podstawa ocena
lubic zadanie
pogadanka typ
na komputer
zapisywalo
wygladaj
nalezec oddac
moj miasto
odpowiedz
starczyc byc
dokladnie
koniec to
jaki tekst
sprawka
kolo drugi
radzic robic
biotechnologia wiec
uwaga nie
specjalny ochota
konsekwencja
cwiczenie
pierwszy
domowy na
na tak
zeby miec
punkt zlo
kolokwium forma
tadeusz doktor
bryszewski
jak doktor
obojetnie
drugi kolo
ocena wystawiac
aktywny na
wozniak
malgorzata mgr
jednak byc
malo umiec
punkt kolokwium
krzysztof
cos ksiazka
obecnosc ale
zabierac
jankowski
obowiazkowy
dzielic
zaliczec program
technologia chemiczny
martynkien tadeusz
mozna
marka duczmal
wystawiac sa
jak
odpowiedz to
widlicki magdalena
nieobecnosc to
chyba zadanie
koniec
zawitac
kazdy raz
jak to
zgoda
patrzec
jesli ktos
ten kartkowka
problemowy na
oceniac tylko
jednokrotny
miec tylko
zajecia
kreslic
zgodnie
fizyka ii
minuta organizowaniem
lub kolokwium
wydzal metr
tydzien albo
kolokwium
przy
elzbieta dr
takze jakis
polski ale
sterta charakterystyka
czy
trzeba robic
dwa kolokwia
zawitac em
robic na
zrobic
polski
nie programowac
osoba aktywny
zgadzac
dopiero sesja
liczba
kazdy byc
ii miec
wiec
wykreslny
mozny napisac
mozny pisac
wzor
kolo plusik
na filozofia
nieobecnosc
co prawda
wyklada
zwracac uwage
pisze
dudek lubic
ocene skladac
przepadac
widzial
ulozyc
ja sie
kraj
semestr miec
kolokwia
organizowaniem spotkan
malo obecnosc
semestr juz
ja byc
przed
pojecia
wydzial
moc tak
wlaczony
koniec byc
tak ze
pytac kod
wyklada infy
zlo
specjalny
definicja
doktor dudek
kazdy
sobac gadac
prezentacja
juza semestra
wpis na
ulozyc para
pogadanka
pozdrawiac
ten dzial
zadany
trzeba odrabiac
poziom
projekt
wniosek
materialy na
zadanka
choc nie
obecnosc byc
opinia na
na technologia
poniewaz
fizyka
niby miec
nie miec
przepadac ty
wypowiadac
zaokraoglyc
on zwracac
zwany kola
konkretny
dac sie
dziala
raz semestr
zimowy
kazdy chyba
duczmal
egzamin caloroczny
automatyk ale
dostawal wpis
zwykle
wlaczony komputer
zaliczec test
metr fizyka
metoda obwodowy
rewolucja
po uniwerek
takze
poniewaz byc
trzba
kurs chemia
potem kolo
doktor inz
kazac
sposobadawac
minuta raz
ja mial
wypowiadac bo
na temat
wf nie
infy laborke
siebie przed
laborka byc
dzik
reszta
poprawkowy
to pogadanka
prosty sie
inf wyklad
wilhelma na
ktos mial
trzmiel
matematyka
radzic
es na
na dwa
jednak
testowy jednokrotny
sa metoda
po prosty
statyka
geometria wykreslny
to za
ii wyklad
kazdy kazdy
kosz
notowac tez
zbytnio
na punkt
obecnosci
spokoj
elektronik
pan urbanski
widzial on
prezentacja power
wydzal
widlicki
kolo egzamin
wlasnie
on wyklada
dostac
dzien
prawda
tylko protokol
po drugi
caloroczny
zdac
kartkowka program
wyklad geometria
tak
kod
byc wyrywkowy
miec sie
kazda
podobny do
sesja
egzamin trzeba
duzo niz
sprawdzac byc
es zapic
kolo moc
pokaz
podobny
sredni
dostawal
wyklad pan
kolega
pomoca jesli
obecnosc
byc automatyk
konto
wpisywac
pawlak
pytanie problemowy
urbanski to
angielski
dostac jeden
byc turniej
nastepny ocena
nastepna ocena
pisac po
dzial
on wykonac
byc angielski
obowiazuc
drugi semestr
trzeba byc
wiec nigdy
wykonac
ale sprawdzac
geometria analityczny
cos na
uwage na
em na
krotka list
sprawdzac
juz
srednio raz
zdac em
ii tylko
zadanie
laborka
urbanski
pytan jednokrotny
kolo byc
powtorkowy analize
rok nawet
pani kurs
pisemny
zerowy termin
uniwerek kara
wyklad wyklad
ale na
za
laborke infy
biotechnologia na
trzeba przerobic
chciec
pawac
po indeks
turniej
sie nie
tydzien
ja
dobrze
juza
polecac english
zrobic cos
po wpis
wystawiac
automatyk
to sredni
chyba raz
nie pisac
list miec
miec jeden
pisze on
ale preferowac
nie mialam
nie lubic
doktor hab
wykonac wedlug
pan sluze
co polegac
okolica
jakis sekunda
pojecia co
on konkretny
cenic siebie
opinia kolega
notatka
chemiczny
tekst
zly jeden
trzeba
mozny
sa na
jeden pytanie
ty zerowy
razem
nawet jesli
sredc ocena
moc raz
ze
opic na
organizacj
pytac duzo
ktos inny
zly
teoria obwod
trzy
wybrac
punkt ksero
kartka
borkowski burnecka
razem profesor
nigdy nie
chciec miary
chemia analityczny
organizowaniem
oprocz to
sam tydzien
obecnosc aby
koncowy byl
oprocz
radze
lubic osoba
mianowicie
wyklad
tematyka
pisac em
byc kilka
do domagarowy
jak caly
zadawal
ocena koncowy
na termin
polecac
raz ale
prowadzacy
zgodnie plan
laborke
do kolo
em juz
wyrywkowy
ocena na
zapytac
duczmal chemia
programowac es
sprawdzac on
zapic
to sprawdzac
elementow programowanie
poprawiac
termin statyka
byc kolo
domowy srednio
raz
albo referat
zadawal problem
program na
umiec
on tylko
bez
niz raz
em doca
doktor uwaga
to brac
sniady egzamin
preferowac
tadeusz
kilka
to potrafic
pisac
dudek
wyrazic
podst
miec tu
sposobadawac problem
ksero ktory
notowac
obwodowy
przerobic
to trzeba
nie moc
on trzeba
isc na
kolo
pan jedynie
jesli malo
byc na
na ocene
powtorkowy
gdyby nie
byc za
potrafic
jaki
wybor od
byl tez
chemia organiczny
oddawac
kartka ale
nastepny
geometria rysunek
opuscic
oddawac on
na ii
na jeden
my zadawal
rok isc
przerobic skrypt
obwod
sobac
kara
zeby
niz
technologia
sie minuta
oraz
pan doktor
ktory byc
dopiero
na para
pan powtorkowy
spotkan na
byc bez
do technika
nalezec
testowy pytanie
technika
plusik
ochota sie
idza
na biotechnologia
wykladow
srednio
wedlug
do pytanie
kurs algebro
nie byc
no sa
doktor
tez do
scigac
zadanie testowy
martynkien
nastepnie
sluze
drugi
praca lub
do napisac
doktor inf
walkowiakiem
napisac cos
jesli
cizman
chyba jeden
gadac
wolny
hab inz
rysunek
lista
tylko
uklad
pan samoobrona
pkta
tez
slajd
metr specjalny
wykres
do eit
semestra mial
koncowy
potrafic pytac
to po
duzo
filozofia
bardzo
na ten
samoobrona
byc troche
napisac
brac
cw
oddawac protokol
chyba
ktory
doliczac
kurs geometria
zerowy
byc egzamin
jedynie
pani byc
miec em
typ opow
semestra
oddac
co
pod uwaga
do tablica
on lubic
nastepna
aktywny
sekunda
do ktos
pomoca
pytanie to
po
warto
kurs semestr
nastepujacy
co do
borkowski
gladyc
ktory niby
doca
programowanie
do punkt
pomysl
oceniac od
preferowac byc
burnecka lub
programowac
od
miec metr
po ten
borkowski mgr
jeden punkt
lubic
uniwerek
na eit
to co
sredc
ksia
wilhelma
problemowy
komputer
pytanie
brac pod
byc po
witac
rok
opow
sie dobry
omowil algorytm
kola
pytac
potem
egzamin
ktos
minuta
on raz
inny brak
polegac
ocena dol
to okolica
caly
do kurs
problem miary
cwiczenie size
inz
on egzamin
comptono
miec on
miec ten
odrabiac
program koncowy
opinia
system oceniac
na co
miec
bo to
caly ten
pani
stronica
ksero
nic
dac
to bardzo
metoda
on temat
ten rok
jeden list
robic
jakis
mialam
jeden brak
praca
egzamin testowy
miec byc
test na
sie skrypt
nie docent
punkt
sie wf
byc forma
bo
to punkt
mloda
albo po
burnecka
mial pan
temat
co malo
test tak
dla pan
niby
uwaga
co to
mial on
radoy
tablica
miary omowil
indeks byc
maks
to chyba
ale dopiero
spotkan
omowil
pan profesor
osoba
to sterta
para deblowy
ten pani
co my
bauer joanna
moc nic
wladyslaw artur
sterta
wpsia pan
tablica on
robota
byc
domagarowy
lub jeden
profesor
analiza
nie
do robota
wpsia
deblowy
dobry
mial
justynac
biznes
do stronica
rohleder
odrabiac ten
referat
bylo
nigdy
gdyby
sniady
nawet
miasto
brak byc
na
problem
wladyslaw
oddawac program
tu problem
byc moc
dr inz
english
troche
tu
domowy
dra wilhelma
kurs
cenic
byc dwa
biotechnologia
ii
na emeryture
choc
ustny to
miec co
marka
moc
algebro geometria
scigac pan
to ocena
elementow
prosty
ustny
joanna dr
algebry
bylo on
english file
magdalena
em dra
wybor
byl sredc
elementow biotechnologia
mgr inz
semestr
skrypt choc
joanna
eit mgr
moj
napisac program
ocena
point okolo
em ten
sie do
dla
na on
byc to
list lub
para
cos
wpis
spra
albo
eit
ten sam
artur
od do
algebro
ps
test ktory
jeden
magdalena dr
siebie
docent
kilka slow
lubic bilard
labork
my
indeks
profesor arch
malo
on suma
infy
uwage
ocena ten
semestr byc
inf
opic
wf
dwa
list
oceniac
byc em
brak ten
lub
okolo
materialy
protokol
protokol to
skrypt to
bauer
ochota
artur dr
forma
wpr
size doktor
test wybor
regularnie
teoria
filo
robic test
inny
power
biznes plan
byl
skrypt
program
algebry geometria
power point
do
geometria
laboratorium
coz
nie caly
pytan
suma
to
es
testowy
miary
sie
termin to
brak
rownan
ty
sie on
minister
justynac mgr
do maks
sam byc
plan albo
dr
hab
ahao
no
metr ten
gdy
sa co
system
pod
file
sa
chemia
bilard
termin
point
slow
algorytm
em
analize
test
test spra
aby
pan
sam to
ten pan
on
plan
dra
typ
em on
on ten
ale
metr
on system
size
forma test
ten test
ocene
mgr
isc
ten
sam
arch
byc test
emeryture
dol