nie zaliczyc
nie zdziwc
nie polecac
trudno byc
komplikowac nie
nie rozwiaziwac
niezrozumiale studentow
nie potrafic
nie zaliczyl
nie miec
nie byc
kompetnie nie
nie dac
nie mozny
ocena brak
byc trudny
sprawa nie
nie znajac
nie trafiac
nie nalezaec
nie przydadzic
niewspodziewajek egzamin
nie podpadac
miec trudny
ktory trudno
sa trudny
nie czytac
nie wnikac
nie prowadzic
nie chodzilam
nie wyszloyc
student nie
chodzic nie
wyklada nie
caloksztalt nie
problemow nie
nie dawac
nie wytlumaczyc
nie podobac
zjeci nie
nie naciagac
wyklad nie
no chyba
no lekko
kolo nie
nie darowac
wogole nie
nie oplacac
niezrozumiale nic
prowadzic niezrozumiale
nie zasnac
czlowiek nie
byc nieprzystepna
nie warto
ktor nie
student nieprzyjazny
wyklada niezrozumiale
nie wstawiac
juz nie
niewyrazc nie
rowniez trudnosc
nieprzyjazny ten
nie oblej
trudnosc byc
nie mialam
nie mozna
ocena unikac
nie wyniesc
mial nie
ten nie
nie uznawac
niespodziewajka brak
btw nie
sluzbistka nie
nie dziwiedziec
wole nie
jezel nie
nie wart
jesli nie
ogolnie nie
nieprzystepna plotkowac
lekko nie
wyklad niezrozumiac
zasnac nie
no moze
zaliczac brak
rada nie
punktow nie
ty nie
ocenic skomplikowan
minuta nie
nie zamierzac
bardzo niemic
analize zaliczyc
tez nie
nie straszny
nie bylo
to nie
nie pospic
bryja nie
nie bezposrednio
trudnosc na
nie umiec
nie porozmawiac
nauczyc nieeeeeeee
bardzo niesprawiedliwy
tak potrafic
nie unikniesz
dobieg nie
nie oddal
tak uczyc
odechciewac brak
unikiac nie
rownanie nie
tak nie
niektorz nie
juza nie
trudny chodz
bez uproscic
wiec nie
indeksow nie
niektory zadanie
trudno
absolutnie nie
nie do
niezrozumiale
trudny choc
nie sa
ze nie
kurs analiza
nie chciec
gorniak nie
nieee no
on nie
moze nie
analiza wyklada
bez problem
rozmawiac nie
nie za
duzo nie
brak podobno
nie spotykac
hehe no
ten niechec
zrozumiec ten
latwy nie
brak niewspodziewajek
niewiele mozny
metr byc
dobrze nie
nie nie
nie pamietac
doktor byc
nie lubic
nie nadawac
ten prosty
pan nie
nie zapytac
ktory nigdy
trudny ale
prosty co
tyle nie
niezla jazde
czlowiek no
trudny jak
kosmicznie trudny
wy nie
niezrozumiac
byc test
nudny nie
czesto profesor
ksiazka nic
calkowica nieprzyjazny
wykrelsc ten
analiza wyklad
zaliczyc bez
niezrozumiac przepisowac
brak ja
prosty zadanie
nikt nie
banalny zadanie
zaliczen brak
doktor miec
nauczyc niebardzo
bo nie
szczegoly nic
nie wiedziec
ja nie
nieprzyjazny wykladowca
sie nie
analiza na
trudny
prosto zadanie
prowadzic bez
trudnosc jak
byc strasznie
egzamin zalezec
mowic nic
no ale
obliczac skomplikowany
stopien trudnosc
chyba niebardzo
nie powiedzial
zeby nie
programowanie nie
ten chociaz
ani nie
miec doktor
zadanie byc
podobny trudnosc
ksiezyc ocena
nie po
tak prosto
brak beznadziejny
beznadziejny nie
doktor chyba
jakos nie
godzina nie
byc bardzo
tresc zadanie
studenci ktory
malo nie
egzamin byc
zadanie komplikowac
metr zaliczyc
kursuatematyczny cw
kto metr
nie widziec
tak nudno
trudny system
ze analize
nie powiedziec
doktor czesto
sprawdzac bo
problem niektory
kolokwiac niespodziewajka
byc zaliczyc
naprawde nie
linike nie
termin profesor
byc niesamowica
ukladac zadanie
doktor dosc
dziwny zadanie
miec bardzo
zaliczyc unikac
ten kolokwiow
student szkodnik
student szanujc
oceniac poniewaz
unikajcie dac
generalnie nie
miec metr
troszke trudniejsze
zadanie chyba
nie motywowac
termin egzamin
nie wiadomo
zaliczyc byc
skonczyc zadanie
analiza matematyczny
labork ocena
egzamin znadc
popieprzona analize
doktor smieje
nic nie
bo sprawdzac
potrafic byc
lektorat jaki
trudniejsze aaa
metr skreslic
bez zajakniecia
nieprzystepna
sruba bez
caly lektorat
ale nie
strasznie miec
osiowy nikt
kolokwium byc
byc zero
najgorszy byc
nikt
ocena mierny
beznadziejnie diagnoza
unikniesz pozaostawac
ale nieee
nic to
byc tak
kto doktor
metr okazja
ciezko ocenic
zaliczyc tak
sie msc
on niezla
sam nie
nuda sprawdzac
wymyslny nie
sie egzamin
no poprost
nigdy sie
ktora sprawdzac
bez przewry
no
bajorek doktor
student ciezko
stopien trudnosci
choc niektorz
profesor powtarzac
godzina bez
taki test
egzamin przeszlo
msc ogolnie
miec malo
docent miec
angielski nie
niebardzo on
zadamoe nic
unikac uciekac
nieco komplikowac
unikniesz
bez przerwa
zadanie ten
on niewiele
potrafic nauczyc
doktor beata
sporo nauka
szkoda ten
zadanie ktory
masakra zadanie
nieo spojrz
przedmiot nikt
kolokwiahc bo
sposob oceniac
zdolny studenci
polecac zadanie
potrafic wykladac
metr rutkowskac
nie olewac
omijac tak
tak trwac
brak poczucie
co miec
redajca doktor
on sprawdzac
nie
potrafic zaliczyc
zamiast byc
niefajny zniechecil
strasznie zadko
zbytnio dogadac
zeby zrozumiec
student szczegolnie
niektrory studentow
niektory strasznie
on analiza
caly zadanie
doktor maria
na analize
dac kolo
ten zaliczyc
zapowiedziac nie
nic ten
strasznie niefajny
kolo byc
egzamin ktory
doktor inza
kurs ocena
nieee
prz metr
niesprawiedliwy
na egzamin
smy zadanie
ocena ogolny
nieeeeeeee podstawa
bardzo wyskoko
unikac zdanie
niesprawiedliwy system
sie test
unikac na
kolokwia stosunkowo
bez sens
skonczylo sie
nigdy nie
kolokwi sprawa
tak rozowo
to uczyc
mijac minuta
metr on
nieo
ocena odradzac
profesor weglinski
czytac ten
milutki potrafic
miec problem
osobiska nie
byc tragicznie
mozny jedynie
bardzo na
nic sie
malo kto
kolokwia tylko
studentow twisted
on bardzo
glos bez
nieeeeeeee
kolokwium zaliczac
doktor radojewski
zrozumiec jaki
analize ii
zarzadzac ocen
potrafic dodac
przeszkadzana zajecie
ocenianie to
nie powinien
umiec metr
dr inz
czekalo ten
zadanie on
zadanie co
ustny egzamin
egzamin podstawowy
nie wyobrazac
doktor konsultacja
jak nie
ocen dobrze
zadani skrypt
chociaz troszke
tu szczegolnie
wstawiac ocena
humoruz ogolny
sprawdzac to
on nigdy
stwarzac problem
zniechecil niektory
jozef dr
stosunkowo malo
kartka potrafic
student jes
zero zaliczac
analiza niby
trudnosc
bardzo dziwic
raczej nie
zadanie to
matematyczny kolo
bawic tak
mozna kompetnie
potrafic sie
rozwiazywac zadanie
ciezki zadanie
kolokwium na
bo straszy
zadanie na
zdac kolo
byc beznadziejny
to skonczylo
to przeczytac
nieprzyjazny
ktory zaliczyc
laborek byc
test ktory
unikac za
rzez potrafic
mowi tak
ten kartkowka
taki byc
unikac wyrywac
strasznie jezdzil
miary bezstresowo
bycie chociaz
ktory zdecydowanie
to bardzo
prowadzic byc
problem zaliczanie
miec dosc
byc taki
bezstresowo on
angielski ocena
rozwiazac zadanie
podstawa ocena
rozwiazowac zadanie
straciec byc
zadanie kartka
ocena ten
mozliwy no
zawsze potrafic
studentow po
minuta polecac
unikac on
ideal nie
minuta stac
system oceniac
czyli nie
test sprawdzajace
dobry ocena
po egzamin
siakos tak
algebra byc
zwrot nie
brac strasznie
zadanie dostawac
rowniez to
wielki problem
ten nuda
za prosty
byc ja
pani doktor
byc ntomiast
potrafic wytumaczyc
dac ja
wyklad byc
niektory jesli
dac bo
miec ten
trudny materialy
byc dac
tak ten
problem zaliczeen
byc milutki
niesamowica ciezko
skomplikowany rownanie
zabraknac ty
szkodnik unikac
wyklad co
prowadzaca byc
tragedia student
dosc dziwny
trudnosci
byc na
kosmiczny nie
miec tyl
skrypt lecz
byc wyklad
uproscic kolokwium
to unikajcie
dac sie
kto tak
skomplikowany
byc napisal
nauczyc sie
unikac ten
chociaz wydawac
egzamin wlasciwie
niebardzo podstawa
bardzo ja
analiza
trudniejsze
test wielokrotny
co chodzic
ktory miec
byc sposob
mialo problem
byc moc
sie nauczyc
biedny student
ze byc
konsultacja cyt
oceniac zawsze
ten czlowiek
co miernika
test na
trudnosci zapowiedziac
potrafic przerwac
tragicznie nudny
msc
dziewczyna byc
zerowy calkowica
skrypt na
cwiczenie ocena
ten ktory
kolokwium ktore
uciekac to
profesor
niezle napracowac
polecac byc
skala pkta
niespodziewajka
wyklad nudny
babka absolutnie
zaliczyc isc
unikac zaliczen
sie zadanie
byc ty
do egzamin
niechec spowodowac
skonczyc on
godzinka wykrelsc
klucic bo
byc chyba
chodzic bo
dlaczego bardzo
swoj skrypt
zdziwc sie
kto miec
studentow uwal
zadanie udac
ale zadanie
co czekalo
brak
zaliczenie problemow
metr od
poczucie humoruz
kolokwi na
komplikowac tutaj
bladzic zadanie
potrafic tlumaczyc
kursutematyczny cwiczec
byc sluzbistka
konsultacja co
laborka co
doczepic dac
podyktowac zadanie
miec smy
ocena to
spowodowac byc
miernik co
sposob nudny
osobowosc ocena
tlumaczec byc
ten byc
ja choc
egzamin to
miec on
chyba ze
byc czesciowo
jeden zadanie
zdawalnosc kolokwi
mozna miec
sie mozny
warto chodzic
zadanie po
mozny sie
student czas
malo punkt
siedzic sprawdzac
ciezko cokolwiek
myslec em
matematyczny wyklad
smiac sie
byc elelktryczny
czesto miec
na student
ktory byc
sprawa sie
byc chaotyczny
cw na
bo byc
co dziac
byc moze
stracic nudny
dziwic sie
ze miec
na byc
laborka prowadzic
odradzac ten
ktor miec
byc em
kalkulator wink
byc wielki
isc na
skomplikowan osobowosc
ktory mog
nie czyli
rozwiazac niektory
ale ocenianie
sprawdzajace wiedz
jedyny zloty
bezposrednio stycznosc
dst unikac
zaliczyc kolokwia
uczac sie
szybko niewyrazc
miec sie
byc nieziemski
miec to
usypiac malo
prowadzic miec
szansa zrozumiec
ocena sredni
co tydzienc
sie miec
wykladowca akademia
doktor liliac
bylo strasznie
smierc na
potrafic wytlumaczyc
niektory czlowiek
przynajmniej potrafic
kolokwiow ciezko
pan doktor
odradzac jakikolwiek
zaliczec byc
dostawac byc
zadanie robic
plotkowac obgadowac
wyniesc ten
miec ogolny
kochac chemia
tydzien nudny
dziwny na
sie klucic
wytlumaczyc bo
problem pokazywac
pierwszy kolokwium
niewyrazc
kazimierz jozef
nad zadanie
byc wyscig
analize evil
na kolokwiahc
przepisowac zadanie
ktory zdac
co co
beznadziejny byc
miec wszystko
moze ten
wiedza zaliczyc
mowy byc
nudny spac
sprawdzac kto
wytrwalosc zaliczyc
robic zadanie
ktore byc
czlek to
metr powerpoint
byc masakra
czesto sie
nauczac sam
cwiczenie unikac
bo kto
liczaca kalkulator
postawa test
byc kartkowka
facet potrafic
prowadzacym co
zaliczyc em
zadanie punkt
polecac co
niemic dla
sie zagadnienie
inny byc
malcher kazimierz
ale brac
koszmar tyle
byc miara
konsultacja to
indeksow godzina
bo mowic
podstawa kursuatematyczny
nigdy
na kolokwium
byc grozny
ktore robic
polecac bo
elelktryczny to
prosty
przyklad ten
kolo na
problem osobiscie
co robic
dr
zrozumiec
znadc na
jesli tyklo
tylko smieszyc
nud malo
cokolwiek zanotowac
tylko na
ten sposob
byc on
koncu byc
kolo wpisow
zadanie jak
tylko zle
potrafic przyczepic
mowo tu
wykladzie bo
skomplikowan
sie przerabiac
byc juz
doktor
unikac jak
miec ugoda
kolo jesli
potrafic genialnie
sie zaliczyc
nawet prosty
byc dobrze
tyg byc
miec jesli
koles tragiczny
mowic ze
dopiero na
arytmetyczny moj
kolokwiac na
muy
kurs ktory
wszystko kazda
oceniac
sluchac tylko
przerywac bo
cwiczec na
na egzamie
ciezko zaliczac
miec inny
polecac ja
jesli byc
byc rowniez
byc lepsi
zero tragedia
weglinska dac
oddal dodac
wszystek zajec
ja grac
jakby byc
byc facet
jesli miec
jedynie sposob
wiega miec
poniewaz zdolny
moc tak
co sie
wartosciow kolokwi
on zbytnio
zalezec na
zajecie nastepny
sie tylko
zadanie przez
sie zachaczac
ale tak
co ten
trzeba miec
zaliczyc es
byc porownywalny
prowadzic dosc
nudny na
muy przyznac
sprawdzac obecnosc
miec swoj
byc obecnosc
byc to
zaliczac on
egzamin ilosc
ktos miec
matematyczny cwiczenie
obecnosc byc
prowadzic labork
kolokwium juza
byc system
reszta zadanie
byc zaliczec
miec dobrze
on skrypt
udalo sie
pocwiczyc to
zaliczyc wiekszosc
byc potwierdzny
mial konkretny
ten prz
nauczyc ale
wkrecajac sruby
na nieo
potrafic
gosc mozny
co kto
metr wtedy
bardzo dobrze
to doktor
wykladac wszystko
metr
kolokwia wiec
prowadzic laborki
tyklo mozec
miec dobry
pierwszy kolo
co do
beznadziejny unikac
matematyczny ii
niefajny
czytac uwazac
zamiast godzina
doktor jet
ty moze
straszny nud
czlowiek miec
ogolnie miec
okolo unikac
dawac dziwny
albo nie
humor sie
zaliczyc na
zloty konsultacja
bo czlowiek
twoj zdanie
dac minus
nei uczac
zadanie przy
polowy studentow
naprawde bardzo
tak sie
odradzac bo
zadanie glowa
rzecz zerowy
jesli czytac
ten zajecia
ale zadko
bylo miec
okolo podsumowywac
nudny wyjatki
zadko poniewaz
frekfencja test
cosa wartosciow
zadanie generalnie
dac punkt
miec wiedza
naprawde byc
bardzo
wszystko prowadzic
kursuatematyczny
konkretow co
bez
jesli zabraknac
chamski zdecydowanie
bo sie
sie na
wlasciwie zerowy
on zaliczajac
ty na
nudno bo
lektorat
labork miernik
zrobic to
wstanin nauczyc
prowadzic rowniez
niewielki wprowadzic
niewspodziewajek
jezel chodzic
bo uwaza
dobrze zostawac
kolokwiow ciagle
miernik na
analize
rada unikac
miec calkowita
wszystko zalezec
inny ukladac
to zrobic
studenci
wynik zamiast
odraz kazac
ocena indeks
ale na
miec szanka
szeloch kurs
miec wlasc
zwiazek to
porownywalny zadani
robil kurs
kolo pierwszy
ogolny podejszc
co sam
zagadnienie sposob
to czlek
zadc konkretow
czlowiek mysle
nic
sa punkt
poniewaz na
bo slyszec
wiedziec skad
tylko jesli
tak
juza tylko
poczatek choc
drugi kolokwium
oszczednosc kazdy
juz wiedziec
malo istotny
humoruz
byc zasada
ale napisac
miec wiega
mozny przerywac
bardzo osobisty
uczyc jednak
skrypt sam
beznadziejny kolokwia
zaliczyc wogole
istotny byc
ocenic
wiec dobieg
szanujc ja
lecz na
czy potrafic
choc na
lub egzamin
zajecie mimo
ten prostrzy
ze ten
sie mocno