napracowac porownaniu
wytrwalosci zaliczyc
ktore zaliczyly
zyczyc wytrwalosci
wysminiecie przygotowujacych
podsumowujac jesli
ciagle pochrzakiwanie
cwiczeniach zawrotna
prowadzacy utwierdzily
zaliczyly wiekszosc
mozna przerywac
mocno wygimnastykowac
zniechecil niektorych
zaliczeniem problemow
beznadziejne zdawalnosc
wkrecajac srube
niefajne zniechecil
porownywalny zadaniami
zaliczeniem dosc
zaliczylem robilem
czesciowo poprzednich
cwiczeniach myslal
chociaz troszke
jest porownywalny
ogolne podejszcie
wyklady niezrozumiale
bezposrednio stycznosc
inny zaliczylo
sie przygotowywac
rowniez zajecia
jesli zabraknie
wygimnastykowac pani
zaliczeniem kolokwia
moze podyktowac
niezle napracowac
zaliczyla kolokwiach
zajeciach nastepnym
wzgledem cwiczen
nieprzyjazne wykladowca
wzielo przyklady
nieprzystepna plotkuje
cokolwiek zanotowac
beznadziejne beznadziejna
zajakniecia sie
zadnuch zaliczen
beznadziejne beznadziejne
jesli mozesz
wiekszosc kartkowek
zawrotna predkoscia
przyjemnosc miec
calkowice nieprzyjazne
przechodzic przyspieszony
kolokwia niespodziewajki
bardzo niesprawiedliwy
pochrzakiwanie doprowadza
przygotowywac potem
szalu zaliczeniem
narysowac wybrzuszenie
jakies zaliczenie
niezrozumialy przepisuje
zaliczenie wykladu
jesli ktos
rowniez trudnosci
straszy wyrzuceniem
poszczegolnych zajec
tylu wzgledem
zaliczenia mozna
wyklad beznadziejny
wartosciowego kolokwia
zaliczyc wogole
egzaminu wlasciwie
kolach zaliczylo
godzince wykrelscie
studenta nieprzyjazne
przerwac polzdania
zaliczaniem poszczegolnych
najwieksza motywacja
wlasciwie zerowe
zachacza zaliczenie
zaliczyc generalnie
beznadziejne ogolne
wychodzilem znerwiony
jezdzil zwlaszcza
nauczyc niebardzo
zaliczyl ale
wszechwiedzaca na
wrecz chamska
zdziwcie sie
zdobyc punkty
odrobce wykopala
decydowala rowniez
podyktowac zadanie
jest nieprzystepna
rysowane wkrecajac
przygotowujacych wnioski
zrobic musialyby
bez zajakniecia
wyklad niezrozumialy
wyklady cwiczen
wykladu wyklady
srednia arytmetyczna
najdrobniejsze szczegoly
poniewaz zdolni
dobrze tlumnaczyl
niektorych jesli
zaliczenia kolokwia
niektrorych studentow
ksiazek zaliczenie
sie zastanowilem
oszczednosc kazdy
stanowczo odradzam
punkty ujemne
zajecia algebry
nalezy narysowac
najdalej wyklady
mnie odrzucila
szczegolnie poczatkach
juszkiewicz potocznie
zaliczyc podstawa
zapisywaniem nazwisk
beznadziejnie diagnoza
obecnosc ktora
ujemne dzieki
za wszechwiedzaca
niesprawiedliwy system
niezrozumiale studentow
niesamowice ciezko
musialyby przechodzic
byly czesciowo
beznadziejna kolokwia
indywidualna odpytke
przerywac bo
jezykiem stanowczo
unikniesz pozaostaje
czlowiek wkurza
unikac uciekac
beznadziejna unikac
kolegow ktorzy
latwo zdobyc
czlowieku mysle
wyszlo oczywiscie
zanotowac na
omijac szerokim
mieli przyjemnosc
nie zaliczylem
niespodziewajki brak
materialy beznadziejne
uzytkowe koszmar
nieziemski poprostu
zalic popieprzona
uciekac za
nie zaliczyla
siadasz jesli
wyklady wogole
bawimy glownie
utwierdzily mnie
troszke trudniejsze
wygimnastykowac
ulamki roznych
chodzic jesli
httpwwwntifpwrwrocplkwazardefaulthtm portalik
predkoscia rozwiazuje
tlumnaczyl ale
wszytkiego dla
nie zaliczyl
rozwiazywaniu zadan
jest niesamowice
zdawalnosc kolokwiach
mierniki oczywiscie
wykladach przepisuje
najistotniejsze jest
cwiczenia idzesz
osobiscie zrobilam
ale zaliczeniem
panem cwiczenia
jesli bedziesh
wstanie nauczyc
rysoowanie sruby
wytumaczyc trzeba
problem zaliczeniem
url httpwwwntifpwrwrocplkwazardefaulthtm
pozaostaje zyczyc
jesli jestes
krystycznym srodki
uczyc widac
cwiczeniach zawsze
uproszczenia kolokwium
nie zdziwcie
zaliczyl es
ogolnie odradzam
wyklad cwiczenia
uciekac to
potrafi wytlumaczyc
nauczyc nieeeeeeee
zdenerwowal jakies
jesli czytasz
podstawa zaliczenia
tresci wykladu
obecnosc decydowala
powiedzial zadnych
beznadziejnym tylko
zaliczyl em
zdolni studenci
szczescia mozna
olowkiem rysowane
marnego zaliczenia
wyniosla tych
stycznosc facet
sposobem oblewa
unikac zaliczeni
kursutematyczna cwiczenia
pomoca jesli
wyscig szczorow
miare bezstresowo
wczystko do
wykladowcy robia
testem wielokrotnego
uciekajcie od
dla porownania
stracony nudny
ta zaliczyl
okolo podsumowujac
przegowniany niego
ogolne podejscie
jest beznadziejna
pielgrzymke do
jak beznadziejnie
rozowo ogolnie
pojecia programowaniu
skonczylo sie
poprostu szkoda
niechec spowodowana
powtarzanie wykladu
przyklady ciagu
jestes elelktrycznego
srednim wysokim
samemu zeswirowac
beznadzieja babka
sa beznadziejnym
jest sluzbistka
pucharowym rysunkow
zaliczylo osob
srodki zachowawcze
ciekawie zdenerwowal
nie zasnela
systemem pucharowym
zaliczyc unikaj
nieprzyjazne ten
nawet odechciewa
wyklady nudne
zasnela nie
nie wytlumaczy
eklektycznym wydziale
wytlumaczyc tego
odradzam jakikolwiek
cio obowiazuje
jest potwierdzna
obleje jezeli
kartkowek ponadto
ksiazce nic
cwiczenia unikac
wiec dobiegach
mozna kompetnie
cwiczeniach za
pierwszych cwiczeniach
spojrzy ogolnie
ktore zdaly
ntomiast ograniczenie
takowe mozesh
cie obleje
prowadzacych przyklad
naciaga punktow
drpa jesli
tydzien nudny
totalna beznadzieja
zastanowilem nad
wyrzuceniem sali
rysunki reczne
pakiety uzytkowe
zajec prowadzaca
podejszcie do
jak beznadziejne
matematyczna cwiczenia
na cwiczeniach
sprawdzajace wiedze
tematycznej opowiesci
jesli kiedykolwiek
zlecania zadan
nauczyc wg
zaliczyc tak
znerwiony zadaz
relacje kolegow
zechce powec
by zaliczyl
potrafi wytumaczyc
ktos inny
niesprawiedliwy
egzaminem znadnym
powszechna ps
jak przegowniany
wtedy szczesliwy
losowo dowodami
niebardzo podstawa
rozwiazac niektorych
przygotowujacych
fizyka cwiczenia
kolokwium ktore
malych liczb
beznadziejny nie
szczesliwy przez
poczucia humoru
niezrozumiale nic
przygotowywac
wykladowca akademii
niektorymi zwrotami
elektroniczne cwiczenia
mowi indywidualna
poprawnie rozwiazane
ktorym rysuje
znanym jezykiem
zdalo najwiecej
bicia osiowego
nie wyniosla
ograniczenie ciagow
zaliczenia laborek
httpwwwntifpwrwrocplkwazardefaulthtm
indeksie zaliczenia
nie porozmawiasz
panem jesli
swiat matematyczny
cwiczenia ocena
sa beznadziejne
poczatkach programowania
ciagow dziwi
obgaduje poniza
wqrwialem to
mozesh bedziesh
czegos doczepic
do wszytkiego
gosciem mozna
wykrelscie te
wnikac dlaczego
na pielgrzymke
podobal wyklady
ponoc porzadku
kolokwium zaliczajace
potwierdzna przez
to skonczylo
ludzkie pojecie
pkt wczystko
radojewska beata
zadan komplikuje
oceniania poniewaz
prezentacji powerpointa
kolokwiow ciagle
tym czlowieku
uznaje zadnuch
kursy ktore
roznych mianownikach
sie zaliczyc
wszechwiedzaca
odechciewa brak
maria szeloch
poczatek choc
wytlumaczy bo
zwlaszcza na
grupy cwiczeniowe
jego oszczednosc
wyklad odradzam
kursuatematyczna cw
ksiezyc ocena
potrafi zaliczyc
mowic odradzam
zaliczyc ale
moga przystapic
nudne wyjatkim
wiecej przysiadl
studentow szczegolnie
przyczepic jesliktos
zjecia trzeba
odrazu kaze
chcialam skonczyc
czesciowo
problemy niektorymi
tydzien jakies
porownaniu do
radojewskiej url
na wqrwialem
pojecie czesto
rysunkow recznych
skonczyc nim
podstawy zarzadzania
istna rzez
maszyna liczaca
unikac wyrywaj
beaty radojewskiej
brak beznadziejne
jezyku wogole
tylko jesli
wemif wyklad
przez wiekszosc
plotkuje obgaduje
chodzic gosciu
dosc dziwne
pozostali ostatnie
wejsciem dowod
beznadziejne sa
zakonczeniem laborek
mironem bedzie
ma wlasnie
przeszkadzanie zajeciach
ppt wyklady
choc niektorzy
starac zeby
cwiczeniowe osob
wiekszosc nawet
pisac jakies
ekonomia wydzial
mierna dopuszczajaca
gwintem nalezy
zedytowalam posta
jest rowniez
obecnosci obecnosc
pamietam zeby
obnizy ocene
ocena srednia
porozmawiasz bo
zdanie prowadzacym
wytrwalosci
balbalbal poprostu
moja najwieksza
yellow zedytowalam
zaliczyc jest
slajdow sruby
nie zaliczyc
straszne nudy
robi przyklady
zaliczenie jest
osobowosc ocena
skomplikowana osobowosc
nie wnikac
miec powolanie
niespodziewajki
jesli tyklo
posmiac przeciwnym
srednio podobal
doczepic dac
rozszerzone kartkowki
pochrzakiwanie
potrafi przerwac
emeryturze meczy
liczaca kalkulator
poniza wydziera
wykladu mnie
jesli sie
wykladac wszystko
wyklady byly
potrafi tlumaczyc
przyklady tego
jakies rozszerzone
przyklad weglinski
zeby zalic
glowe wlazl
zaliczyc pan
zasnac laborki
rysunkow rysuje
wykladzie mialem
czasem wrecz
bedziesz juz
recznych ktore
wyciaga srednia
przyklady sa
zajakniecia
wykopala mnie
kartkowki przyczepia
nie unikniesz
sluze pomoca
rowniez tym
cwiczen drugie
wiekszosc czasu
przy rozwiazywaniu
tego uczyc
minusa siadasz
robic uwazam
problemow pokazywal
zadko poniewaz
jej zechce
cos wartosciowego
niego powszechna
prowadzaca jest
podyktowac
sluzbistka nie
oczywiscie jak
zrobili smy
tragiczny usypiac
kolokwiami wiec
testy sprawdzajace
humoruzy ogolne
dopuszczajaca totalna
miec calkowicie
ceni poniewaz
dzieki ktorym
sie wzielo
przepusci kilka
kieruje swoje
od skonczylo
wykladu to
pojecia jak
ocena odradzam
szybko niewyraznie
mial latwiejsza
grupy cwiczeniowej
otwor gwintem
testow ktorych
aktywny kochasz
zajecia pod
ludziom ktorzy
dlugopisem trzeba
tlumaczyc ale
akademii rolniczej
jakiejs godzince
spokojniej gosciem
dostaje wiecej
zdanie uwazam
porzadku dobrze
skomplikowane rownania
ogolnie gdy
wyklady prowadzone
strasznie niefajne
prowadzi niezrozumiale
jesliktos na
grubym olowkiem
do niektrorych
co cwiczenia
dwoch malych
wyswietlaniu na
tresc zadan
dwa przyklady
cwiczeniowej no
zaliczyc na
wydziale wemif
polecam stracielem
sluchac tylko
gabka wiekszosc
zaliczeniem
godny polecenia
najgorszy jest
przyjemnosc
tyklo mozecie
jest zaliczyc
chcesz zaliczyc
uciekal jak
sie bawimy
zaliczenie wszystkich
porozumiec bryja
tlumnaczyl
czasami przepusci
prezentacje pisane
wyklady sa
zaliczenie kilka
potrafi wykladac
zdenerwowal troche
zabraknie ci
endeeste omijac
glownie fotomontazem
chodz gosciu
cie wiecej
cwiczenia robi
studenci ktorzy
wydziale elektrycznym
motywacja zeby
nie bezposrednio
jest obecnosc
zaliczyc idzie
koniec zaliczyc
przerywac
wykladu jak
zaliczenie do
podobnej trudnosci
sie zachacza
olewaj gorniaka
na wyswietlaniu
dosc samozapracia
oj zdenerwowal
wydziera sie
tematyke ogolnie
smieje dst
nie zaliczysz
na zjecia
zajec chaotyczny
sie uzbierac
cwiczenia co
podsumowujac
wiedzy zaliczyc
wyklady nie
zaliczylo
oddac zanim
stwarza problemy
wlasnie na
mianownikach bawil
zerowe calkowice
nieo spojrzy
wybrzuszenie drewna
niewyraznie ze
prowadzi rowniez
porownania na
ponadto pozniej
trudniejsze aaa
jest wyscig
wyklad przepisuje
sruby gwinty
grupami srednim
bedziesh mial
nieeeeeeee podstawa
niego najistotniejsze
uciekajcie
tragicznie nudne
zadaniach generalnie
porownywalny
zajeciach robi
trudnosci zapowiedziane
sa wymyslne
egzaminu ilosc
pocwiczyc to
calkowicie dobrze
doslownie regulki
stronie ksiazce
przed zakonczeniem
biednych studentow
grpa smierci
nie podpadaj
zl konsultacje
forma wykladu
arytmetyczna moja
kursui fotogrametria
jest milutki
laborki miernikow
zeby jakos
studenta szanuj
algebra liniowa
skonczylo czyli
cale zajecia
zanotowac
jesli masz
nastepnym roku
za wszelka
zaliczenie na
nie straszne
cwiczen heh
srednia url
zaliczyly
meczy biednych
nie naciaga
twarz jesli
szczegoly nic
wyobrazac sobie
wydzial ppt
chaotyczny ciezko
zalicze bez
tablicy przechodzi
dr radojewska
liliana janicka
jest zaliczenie
wszelka cene
nieprzystepna
daje ciezkie
zalicze system
ciagle robi
swoj swiat
poprawki kolokwiow
napisac strone
zaliczyla
bycia chociaz
niesamowice
niewielkie wprowadzenie
pielgrzymke
mowiac nic
brak niewspodziewajek
regulki ksiazek
tych prostrzych
jest nieziemski
wymyslne nie
ogolnie lipa
jego ciagle
budownictwa mial
zaliczenie pkt
oczywiscie ponad
podpadaj mu
chyba niebardzo
innych prowadzacych
przechodzi ludzkie
komu wyklady
dobrze tlumaczy
jestes facetem
zaliczyl
zdziwcie
starac powiem
cene jesli
sie programowac
prowadzic zajec
potocznie jan
nie pospisz
terminie jesli
zaliczylem
sie porozumiec
wkrecajac
jes jakas
zaliczysz na
analiza wyklady
mozna dowiedziec
kurs powtorowy
mowi doslownie
do poczucia
wczystko
przyklad tolerancji
wlasciwie
kazimierz jozef
zadnych konkretow
nauczyc sie
dziewczyna choc
rada jesli
wiecej punktow
zaliczen poza
ale najgorszy
napracowac
na wyklady
na cwiczenia
elelktrycznego to
czasu poswieca
ciezkie zadania
konkretne pojecia
stracielem przez
odradzam gosc
wogole mowi
wyrzuceniem
niektorych zadan
zaliczeni brak
naprawde niezle
bezstresowo go
poprostu ideal
nich dlugopisem
wielokrotnego wyboru
zastanowilem
zwiazku tym
kiedykolwiek dorwe
wykladu pare
odrzucila
ta niechec
wzgledem
liczb pierwsze
matematyczna wyklad
cwiczenia ja
kartkowek oraz
uwazam ze
ocena ogolna
poszczegolnych
jeszcze obnizy
informatyki wyklad
wyjatkim jednego
na zaliczenie
od szczescia
informatyka wyklad
robilismy zadanie
cwiczenia na
sposob nudny
reszty zadan
uciekac
ciagu zajec
caloksztalt nie
jesli nie
kolokwia poprawki
zeby zrozumiec
zedytowalam
jesli chcesz
wszyscy wykladowcy
smieszyla mnie
ugody na
przepuscil po
nie obleje
sie nauczyc
ktorych stopien
przed wejsciem
bolu wyklad
powszechna
gwinty balbalbal
dodac dwoch
niego uciekal
potrafi nauczyc
odradzam tego
tlumaczenia jest
cie bie
znadnym na
studentem jes
oblewa okolo
wykladzie dalej
analize zalicze
przyspieszony kurs
zbytnio dogadac
zadaje programy
podaj przyklad
jest chaotyczna
ich skrypcie
poprostu idzie
odpytke czyli
na wykladach
egzaminie ktorego
polowy studentow
smy powtarzanie
obecnosc byc
beznadziejnie
kolokwiach sprawa
zasnela
oblicza skomplikowane
rund zalicze
jest ntomiast
no poprostu
gosciu daje
wyklad prowadzony
przepisuje swoj
nie powiedzial
konsultacje cyt
beznadziejny
kochasz chemie
egzaminie podstawowym
ma ugody
kartkowek potem
zeby miec
nudny nie
punkta kosztuje
osob wysminiecie
smieja ze
wiedzial gdzie
beznadziejnym
ocene ogolnie
przystapic osoby
wiedze informatyki
komputerowe laborki
nauczyc ale
dobiegach nie
jakas dziewczyna
wytlumaczy
popieprzona analize
elektryczny nudny
zjeciach nie
kole jesli
niego jesli
nie wyobrazac
zdanie pozniej
srednio osoba
samemu lubia
nich kieruje
zadan udalo
zniechecil
po wykladzie
szanuj mnie
nie trafialy
na odrobce
utwierdzily
sesji zeby
tolerancji bicia
kilka rysunkow
szczerze mowiac
bedzie spokojniej
gdyz pytanai
koniec zaliczenie
bez uproszczenia
potrafil wykorzystac
te chociaz
stoi zegarkiem
cwiczeniach
historia zlecania
wyniosla
przekonaniu relacje
rzez potrafi
np rysoowanie
irence znanym
techniki komputerowe
szeloch kurs
mozna miec
zadana tematyke
nie naleza
wkurza rada
tablice wiec
zegarkiem mija
wyklad multimedialne
nie rozwijajacy
szerokim lukiem
mozna samemu
tdzien pisac
wqrwialem
edukacyjny kwazar
najwieksza
wszystkie stwarza
wiedze miec
kole bedziesz
mieli pojecia
odechciewa
wykladzie bo
zdobyc
szczorow kto
zadan glowie
nieprzyjazne
sie rysunki
zwlaszcza
gadanie godny
jakim jezyku
bedziesh pisal
problemy osobiscie
podejszcie
cwiczen nim
kurs zwiazku
obowiazuje na
tych kolokwiow
mieli jesli
msci ogolnie
zdecydowanie odradzam
poswieca na
koncu wykladu
uzbierac pkt
tych kartkowek
zarzadzania ocena
cwiczeniowe
wyznaczonych terminach
fotogrametria na
miec wiedze
lub wywoluje
ii wyklad
na zajeciach
to zrobic
kompetnie nie
na ksiezyc
zadamoe nic
niewspodziewajek egzamin
powolanie do
ogolnie okolo
za caloksztalt
tlumaczy ale
godziny cwiczen
stycznosc
ok kartkowek
tu szczegolnie
na zjeciach
zajeciach mimo
jakos udalo
ma cwiczen
od tlumaczenia
smierci na
osiowego nikt
mozecie mialem
chodzi zaliczenie
lepsza ocene
jerzy bajorek
dodaje ulamki
ktore jest
beznadziejne
by pocwiczyc
ocenic skomplikowana
poczatek dobra
na wykladzie
jest kartkowka
najistotniejsze
ekranie prezentacji
oplaca sie
przepros kartke
wywoluje na
nudny pokaz
gorniaka nie
duzo siedziec
wykrelscie
zajec absurdalny
ze ktos
dowodami na
srednio razy
glupie gadanie
osobista sprawa
egzaminie przeszlo
na kolokwiahc
trudnosci jest
za stracony
wytumaczyc
malcher kazimierz
niebardzo mu
ktos robi
wszytkiego
samym wykladzie
wytlumaczyc
najwiecej osob
przegowniany
niezrozumialy
jakies tego
pan srednio
stareotypach przyczepia
beata wprowadzenie
ktore robi
chcial dac
musze przyznac
na policzkach
poniewaz na
omijac tak
je okazywal
nazwisk etc
porownaniu
zdaly kolach
olalam gorniaka
beznadziejna
wyrywaj od
jak najdalej
powtorowy prowadzi
slowa jakos
tyly programowania
dosc duzo
zapyta odrazu
obecnosc lub
ten czlowiek
nie rozwiazuje
mozesz to
podstaw zadaje
czlowiek chyba
sali zapisywaniem
pokazywal jak
laborki mowie
kartkowki na
milutki potrafi
skrypcie na
stopien trudnosci
janicka kurs
kolokwiow ciezko
pospisz ani
niezla jazde
laborki istna
ktorego moga
szczegolnie na
zaliczajace brak
rutkowska co
poprawia srednio
studentow uwala
zadaz zadamoe
beznadzieja
niczego sie
odradzam bo
kto inny
odradzam juz
raz robilismy
srube drewniany
lepiej zrobic
wybrzuszenie
kolokwia grupami
prostrzych grup
podstawie kursuatematyczna
duzo mowic
jazde chcial
zrobic to
system srednio
go omijac
glowie oblicza
dr smieje
ktos ma
kartkowki ale
tylko smieszyla
koszmar tyle
porozmawiasz
przepisuje skrypt
podejscie do
oddal dodam
nie oplaca
programowac bo
szans pogadac
niz pozostali
mielismy godziny
juz wiedzial
policzkach bo
osob przepuscil
sie posmiac
jest grozny
algebrze jest
jan juszkiewicz
trafisz szykoj
ktos chce
rolniczej dlatego
go sluchac
przysiadl nad
niego prowadzacy
drewniany otwor
znerwiony
czlowieku
nie pamietam
razie odradzam
twisted jezeli
bardzo dziwie
pod redajca
zachowawcze wyslac
rysunki na
szczesliwy
na eklektycznym
wypowiedzi chaotyczny
miernictwo elektroniczne
strone internetowa
mozna sie
chaotyczna do
powerpointa te
ogolnie nie
ma ogolne
nudny na
rok budownictwa
nas zrobil
chaotyczny czy
czlowiek nie
robi kartkowki
uwazam za
zanim sie
wogole ale
odradzam pani
niego smieja
ktos lubi
sie mozna
rozwijajacy przygotowanie
potwierdzna
multimedialne techniki
kto rutkowska
wyniki kolokwiow
idzie zasnac
myslal em
slyszal em
dla frekfencji
unikaj zdania
uwala duzo
miala okazje
pierwsze kolokwium
na poczatek
szczescia btw
czeeee powiem
to mielismy
poczatku to
nieco komplikuje
opowiesci stad
radze trzymac
miernikow na
rownania nie
naprawde jest
kalkulator wink
cwiczen wymaga
choc bywaja
polzdania rozmowy
wart sie
obleje przynajmniej
na poczatku
jak ktos
na emeryturze
kaze isc
sie scierac
to ktos
dobrze rekorodowo
idzesz by
gosciu ma
studentow twisted
szkodnik unikac
kolokwiahc bo
matematyczna ii
porownania
kartki potrafil
chociaz wydaje
tak uczy
wogole nie
wyswietlaniu
scierac dla
bladzi zadaniach
tych ktorzy
stanie krystycznym
ii radze
ktore powinny
wiec lepiej
rekorodowo to
cwiczeniowej
to mironem
bezposrednio
ogolna pan
portalik edukacyjny
poczucie humoruzy
by skreslil
kolokwiach tylko
naprawde bardzo
poniewaz pol
sruby bez
inny wazna
naleza na
bardzo osobista
prowadzic laborki
algebry to
rozwiazuje do
niezrozumiale
trafialy do
chemie organiczna
kto zle
niektrorych
zeswirowac
laborki ocena
ktore sa
panie endeeste
zdawalnosc
chyba wogole
pokaz slajdow
kartkowka na
tylko mozliwe
dobrze zeby
gdy ktos
jet bardzo
prowadzacym co
tak rozowo
slajdow na
oszczednosc
wydziale przeznaczony
egzamie ale
zrobil chyba
dogadac ona
zawrotna
wemif na
powiem krotko
tablicy wink
jakos je
mowi jest
pania balagan
caly lektorat
evil jakbym
ogolny chaos
ksiazce
pierwszy skonczy
nie umiala
sluzbistka
kto jerzy
jesliktos
inny uklada
rozwiazuje zadania
ktorym trudno
ucza sie
nie daruje
chyba niskich
poziomie ogolnie
ktore nigdy
to napisac
kolokwium bylo
domu ogolny
czlowiek ma
ale jakos
mozna jedynie
super aktywny
radojewska
zadania ktore
inz fizyka
tlumaczyc
jak zrobili
trzeba dzwonic
kosztuje niego
aaa niego
co czekalo
zajecia
jak zly
skryptem na
babka absolutnie
nie dziwie
fraktalach wyklad
dosc dobrze
szanse spadaja
na kolokwiach
daje dziwne
rzeczy ktore
dodatek wogole
samo inny
studenta ciezko
nie motywuje
rozwiazywaniu
tym sposobem
chodzi rysunki
na egzamie
zrozumiec jakim
arytmetyczna
samozapracia by
tonem glosu
uczy jednak
redajca dr
ustnym egzaminie
ze odbywalo
sprawdza obecnosc
bo slyszal
ciezko ocenic
decydowala
dobrze reszty
ktorzy nie
umiala go
widac dupie
dawno powinnien
swoja maszyna
umie rozwiazac
byc moze
powinnien byc
osoby ktore
na kolokwium
trzeba robic
ze sposobu
osie symetri
tak trwal
kolokwiach na
zjecia
osobnika laborki
latwiejsza grupe
ludzi ktorzy
laborka kosmiczne
ktore nijak
strasznie jezdzil
patrzy sie
sposobu jaki
wazna jest
osob ktore
niektorymi
dlugopisem
ilosc osob
sie naprawde
ktore zdecydowanie
domu ogolnie
lubia sie
do ktorego
nudne ze
skrypt linika
ale naprawde
niektorzy nie
sie starac
wspominalem ciezko
wiekszosc
rozwiazane zadanie
nie mozna
wprowadzenie do
zaliczyc
indywidualna
tylko gorzej
to unikajcie
niewspodziewajek
dla studentow
kolokwia na
kolokwiow czasem
ogolnie ma
wyklad co
chodzi najdrobniejsze
programy ktore
jest panie
drugim kolokwium
tak szerokim
fotomontazem ale
wiecej nie
jozef dr
ja panem
malo ciekawie
przeciwnym razie
ciezko cokolwiek
weglinskiego jak
ale napisze
na algebrze
sposob bycia
dziwie sie
zaliczenie
rysuje sie
przyklady
ciezko zaliczac
ocena mierna
dst unikac
dodam ze
zly to
usypiac malo
jezeli nie
genialnie ludzi
ktorzy mieli
jest systemem
prof weglinskiego
skreslil listy
pierwsze spaczenia
kolokwium na
zalicze
skonczylo
skrawek kartki
skonczy zadanie
jest masakra
przepusci
robic od
dla niektorych
wrecz
ma trudny
warto chodzic
postawie testow
tablicy bladzi
ujemne
dziwi sie
niej robic
zaliczenia
wszyscy wiemy
na wydziale
oceniania zawsze
wyklady
tyg jest
przyznac ze
reczne to
zrobilam wielki
wyklad mnie
wydziale is
to przeczytac
nic wiecej
popieprzona
zle wychodzi
zaliczen
przyklad jak
juz naprawde
wiemy jak
uczyc
nie chcialo
radojewskiej
konsultacje co
dobrze wyklad
wlasnie
swoj skrypt
air kolokwia
potocznie
fotogrametria
linika linike
zdolni
dla marnego
nie wart
wiec nie
zadaje
mowi ze
marek okreslil
modl sie
dowod sobisty
zabraknie
weglinski da
przechodzic
kurs podstawy
przerwy to
wysminiecie
po niektorych
zaliczeni
ja cie
wszystko mowi
kiedy przyjdzie
nie znaja
bezstresowo
jest latwo
raczej przepisuje
on skryptem
poza kolokwiami
napisze swoje
wartosciowego
jakos nie
caloksztalt
chodzic nie
to grozi
twisted gdybym
sobisty drpa
te prezentacje
wszystko zalezy
nie podobalo
dzwonic do
za poprawnie
wykladu
dziwne na
spowodowana jest
tym przypadkiem
miare szybko
znaja jeszcze
przypadkiem mialem
wyklad jak
sposob oceniania
konsultacje to
zechce
zeby nie
wtedy wiecej
pojecia
bylo cie
lawka oraz
przyjdzie do
uproszczenia
nie powie
bardzo wyskoko
jak trafil
jestes super
podstawowym kiedy
co tydzien
nie przydadza
ktorych chyba
trafil sie
elelktrycznego
osobom ktore
miec wszystko
zadan niego
zeby to
ktora sprawdza
robi przepisuje
jeszcze szanse
sensu niczego
wszelka
sie ceni
za duzo
takie testy
zaliczysz
bo straszy
po jakiejs
dobicie sam
na stareotypach
odrobce
twoje szanse
unikniesz
niewiele mozna
komplikuje nie
trudnosci jak
wymyslne
skonczyc
kolokwia sa
sa tragicznie
sa wstanie
uwage obecnosci
jest wyklad
ostatnie zadanie
ocena unikac
niektorych ludzi
smiac sie
pozniej sie
normalne godziny
wnikac
zachacza
wykladach
na lepsza
daje niewielkie
lipa ja
lepsi od
robia po
tym rozmawiac
ma mowy
sie dziewczyny
srodki
kartki przy
wykladac
dziwne zadania
przydadza np
wykladowca
to caly
zdalo ok
chamska zdecydowanie
wiem skad
kosmicznie trudne
bedziesz
punkty przy
oczywiscie
programowania nie
przyspieszony
mial teraz
system oceniania
pisane sa
czekalo ta
problemow nie
prawdopodobnie jestes
ciezko dowiedziec
gorzej osobisce
mrgreen latwo
wielokrotnego
swoje zdanie
sie daleka
czytasz ten
wzielo
ze spac
egzaminie jest
poprzednich lat
polecenia jedynie
powiem ze
wszystkie osie
na konsultacje
miec tym
odrazu
nie wyszlo
za przeszkadzanie
unikac tego
grozi za
panow to
drugie kolo
punktow nie
podstawie kursutematyczna
wysokim stopniu
zadane przez
trzeba usilnie
trzymac sie
tym przekonaniu
specyficzny sposob
bo zeby
niechec
przerwac
nie uznaje
podstawowym za
kolach moze
zadania ktorych
trzeba chodzic
zlecania
potrafi genialnie
zadaniami ze
sie swoja
zawsze wychodzilem
ze studentem
pojecie
na dobicie
do nauczania
kazdy skrawek
co tdzien
kontakt mozna
powiem tak
frekfencji test
godzine przed
kolokwiach stosunkowo
zadan innym
zajec trzeba
rysoowanie
bo ludziom
twoje zdanie
absolutnie nie
kolokwiahc
mi przykry
wykladowcy
naprawde nie
sprawa sie
jezeli chodzi
nie oddal
wiecej niz
odbywalo sie
sie mowi
zajec przez
bawimy
wykladzie
zapisywaniem
pierwsza lawka
jesli
motywuje ten
tego osobnika
oceniania albo
wkurza
ugody
tak nudno
wg pani
mi choc
ma przepros
udalo sie
nie olewaj
pytania banalne
isc na
troche ludzi
sie miala
bryja jest
nastepnym
siedzisz jak
oto przyklad
zakonczeniem
bo patrzy
czyli skala
odpytke
usilnie sie
sie testem
duzo nie
uzbierac
tym panem
wyklad elektryczny
ii tylko
choc pkt
pisal takowe
masakra zawsze
miernik co
za grubym
cwiczenia
co mierniki
bez przewry
umiec jak
wykopala
generalnie nie
ksiezyc
unikac za
podstawa oceny
podpadaj
najgorszy
mozliwe no
studentow nie
rowniez
sie przerabia
dr konsultacje
dziewczyny pierwszej
kieruje
zadaniem to
do studenta
nazwisk
szeloch
uzytkowe
zdenerwowal
jego slowa
obgaduje
sie prowadzic
problemy zaliczaniem
dni sesji
nei ucza
doktor jet
zadaniu na
przynajmniej polowy
ale nieee
uciekal
zadanie dostaje
spac nawet
tego panu
przepisuje zadania
do czegos
wtedy zdalo
sprawa nie
zadnych szans
niewyraznie
mysle to
gdzie siedzisz
kolokwium juz
wydziera
zajeciach
ale zadko
elektrycznym daje
heh trzeba
zdania na
sa lepsi
trwal em
kosmiczne nie
godziny wiec
ma specyficzny
mnie kolach
bez problemow
nazwisko planow
chce miare
wpisow do
tematu przy
oraz grpa
zajec na
chcialo mi
inne zdanie
co miernictwo
podobalo mi
dorwe tego
nie miec
opowiesci
programowania bo
dostala miare
przepuscil
przy tablicy
do szalu
typu podaj
dawniej byly
czesto sie
na ktorym
ludzi oj
student szkodnik
liczaca
nim niezla
wink lubi
pierwszej lawce
smy zadania
cada jezeli
poprostu
zjeciach
mu zalezy
twisted color
masz dosc
potrafi dodac
siedziec przy
niektorych strasznie
pani trafisz
mialo problemy
niego cenne
sa kosmicznie
najwiecej
sie zagadnieniami
lukiem jak
tego tematu
sie chodzic
bez przerwy
jezykiem
predkoscia
dwa kursy
nie umiesz
nad zadaniem
tych zajec
laborek jest
najdrobniejsze
obnizy
choc na
przeczytac domu
nalezy
poczucia
srednia
pytanai sa
nudy malo
bawic tak
na tresci
mija minut
osoba gdyz
ktorzy maja
na zadana
ze lzami
tego czleka
bardzo niemila
panu nie
troszke
generalnie koles
postowi ale
do informatyki
zajec do
okazje niej
on naprawde
zalezy od
jedyne zl
trudne choc
straszne
rzez
kursuatematyczna
byl miare
kartkowek
wyklad polega
albo punktow
dr maria
mowie tu
ja grala
rece pisak
rozmawiac nie
absurdalny czy
masz umiec
byc na
swiat
analiza wyklad
smieje
smierci
spaczenia dostal
listy przedmiotow
to mowi
kartkowki
krystycznym
nie wstawia
przewry to
elektrycznym air
pod tablica
wywoluje
majace niego
do bolu
naciaga
wszystkich zajec
evil color
do zera
marze po
to przyczepia
dobra ocene
dowodami
graficzny zapis
ktorego on
ustala gdzie
jeszcze iv
trudnosci na
dowiedziec sie
ciagu dni
niefajne
calkowicie
pozniej na
niemila dla
obleje
bedziesh
na godzine
strasznie zadko
liczb
juszkiewicz
do latwych
po egzaminie
studentow czasem
na tablicy
egzamin zalezy
jezyku
osobiscie
cenne godzin
niby kurs
rzeczy zerowe
na zadane
pana sluze
ze bryja
najszybciej wyklad
kosmosu ja
pojawic po
elektryczny twisted
stracielem
zasnac
pisak drugiej
uwaza ze
stanowczo
powolanie
szykoj sie
sobote od
unikac jak
prowadzacy
porozumiec
zalezy na
ii terminie
mianownikach
programowac
na studentow
zadania kartki
niskich lak
zwrotami nie
zero tragedia
trzeba duzo
powtorowy
wydzial
miec wiedzy
temu postowi
na nieo
tych nudach
podstawie cie
laborkach moze
jednym zadaniu
janicka
do typa
zwiazku
wole nie
szkoda ten
siadasz
ilosc
zagadnieniami sposob
konkretow co
olowkiem
dowiedziec zawsze
analiza matematyczna
prostrzych
na poprawke
do egzaminu
nie spotykac
iii terminie
tablica daje
sie pojawic
jednym tonem
czleka to
wyobrazac
potem wyciaga
nie chodzilam
latwe ale
mowi tak
osiowego
pan marek
konstrukcji wyklad
duzo na
lub egzaminu
sa punkty
mowiac
obowiazuje
jakikolwiek kontakt
byly ponoc
poniewaz
zapowiedziane nie
kartke trzeba
dobiegach
skad ten
srednio
na ustnym
wyklad zalicza
rolniczej
marek to
cw na
dac kolo
szczescia
znadnym
naleza
byly latwe
sa zasadami
kurs ocena
przystapic
matematyczny kola
to normalne
smieja
terminie egzaminu
humoru sie
powie tez
sam ustala
bawil sie
studentow po
by byc
budownictwa
jak ognia
formie tematycznej
chociaz
wyslal mnie
idzesz
diagnoza pacjent
sie egzaminem
symetri za
porzadku
trudny system
daruje prowadzi
informatyki na
wyrywaj
to masakra
skrypcie
wlazl
bryja nie
banalne zadania
prowadzacych
wszystkiego samemu
na postawie
pospisz
sie msci
gdybym takim
osoby majace
na egzaminie
miare luz
kolo podobnej
co smiac
ocene czego
cos wiecej
sie klucic
iv dla
koszmar
komplikuje tutaj
latwych nie
niej zadnych
nudny
wiedzial
pucharowym
pocwiczyc
cwiczen
by duzo
policzkach
wyjatkim
da minusa
przysiadl
gorniaka
szczegoly
wogole
unikajcie da
algebra
niby da
tragedia student
dupie ma
wejsciem
na glowe
srube
przeszlo dodatkowe
calkowice
ale ocenianiem
poczatkach
tez cio
rutkowska
podobno dawniej
odradzam
nieee no
ciezkie
lektorat jaki
skala pkt
na tablice
niebardzo
terminie zdalo
do tylu
przyczepia sie
rysunki
ocena lepiej
omijac
koles tragiczny
stracony
szczegolnie
miernictwo elektryczne
programowaniu program
angielski ocena
lawce niego
prowadzaca
powerpointa
wypowiedzi wole
rysunkow
uwaza sie
dac punkt
powiedzial
ta pania
gosciu
min stoi
dr beaty
lukiem rok
srednim
nim bawic
jan miernik
na ekranie
nauki modl
wykorzystac to
robilismy
pogadac
co tyg
chodzic do
cos podobie
to unikaj
punktow niz
zadnuch
oplaca
linike nie
ulamki
indeksow nie
cene mowi
eklektycznym
pozostali
powec cos
po ii
drugiej gabka
bie tez
na egzaminach
na laborkach
ogolne
algebry
prowadzony bez
szanse na
prokurator na
jakbym napisal
udalo mi
inz co
jezdzil
doczepic
slowa gdy
nudno bo
laborkach co
tablicy nas
internetowa na
podejscie
pod uwage
dogadac
tablicy ale
poswieca
bylo kartke
na panow
kompetnie
na kolach
facetem to
przedmiotow nikt
tlumaczy
trzeba miec
indeksow godziny
najdalej
podobie nei
niego zaliczaja
nie mialam
osob losowo
to sobote
ciagle
lzami na
na glupie
otwor
slajdow
dr inz
na ii
szczorow
sruby
robilem kurs
latwiejsza
kolach gdzie
unikac na
kolo wpisow
pol punkta
okolo unikac
zyczyc
stwarza
latwo bo
organiczna trzeba
sama czesto
oblewa
typa na
glosu bez
kartke ale
ogolny
kolach na
chaotyczna
podstawie kursui
poczatek
nauczyc
gosciem
siedzisz sprawdza
czesto ma
mieli smy
milutki
nim pakiety
ogolna
polecam siakos
poprawke ta
zaliczajace
kolach sa
chodzic bo
ciezko na
oddaje wyznaczonych
myslal
najszybciej musze
godzin ciagu
redajca
zaliczaja osoby
bo marze
nauczania sama
unikiac nie
sluchac
na laborka
pani irence
zrozumiec ta
trudne materialy
miernikow
obecnosc
szybko indeksy
maja tyly
pytania kosmosu
osobowosc
prowadzenia zajec
doktor dosc
mi prokurator
bo mowi
facet potrafi
siakos tak
nowa twisted
przerabia zawiera
slyszal
chaos balagan
co ekonomia
chaotyczny
umiala
tlumaczenia
liniowa na
oceny indeksie
prowadzi dosc
czlowiek
jaki miala
mowi jednym
sprawdzajace
poczucie humoru
sie przyczepic
analize niby
juz wspominalem
umie prowadzic
bo sprawdzal
doprowadza do
nieziemski
ponad indeksow
duzo osob
trafialy
kolejnych zajec
scierac
sprawdzal to
na iii
ksiazek
algebrze
przyczepia do
narysowac
przyczepic sie
to dostawales
posta twisted
trudne chodz
szance na
mialam to
skrypt na
kartkowka
polzdania
to wyslal
gwinty
gosc na
krotko pan
doktor czesto
kwazar pod
zadko cos
bywaja takie
masakra zadania
stopniu trudnosci
gwintem
wyskoko sie
egzaminu to
osob kolach
do indeksow
ocenianiem to
wemif
poczatku
napluc twarz
mironem
ma swoj
ze skryptu
balagan jednej
analize evil
uwazam
ciagow
jozef
mialem nie
szans evil
szanuj
pozaostaje
chodzilam na
analize ii
dopuszczajaca
balagan jaki
umiesz pani
kolegow
miala nim
fotomontazem
indeksy po
ogolnie
czesto prof
rozwijajacy
skreslil
humoruzy
nieeeeeeee
bo uwaza
trzeba oddac
smieszyla
usypiac
ocena to
miec przynajmniej
go przejsc
uklada zadania
doslownie
szans zrozumiec
wyscig
rozwiazuje
egzamie
kazimierz
laborki prowadzi
juz dawno
samozapracia
masz szance
emeryturze
humoru to
skryptem
analna to
rownania
to moze
zajec raczej
rekorodowo
prowadzi laborki
ognia pani
url sa
unikaj go
zmienia tresc
wydziale
musialyby
okazywal
nad analna
osob mialo
darmo chcialam
bajorek dr
chamska
przyczepic do
skrypt sam
mialem nim
skryptu lecz
weglinski
grala chyb
kolokwiow
jednego fraktalach
terminach prof
dr liliana
prowadzacym
pokazywal
kto tak
zera zalicza
ci moze
weglinskiego
kolokwia
dzwonic
kursutematyczna
kolokwiami
niego infe
rozwiazac
moze tak
wyslac na
nudach sprawdza
czyta uwaza
mielismy
ntomiast
potrafi przyczepic
kolokwiach
ulubione slowa
blad olalam
aaa
spotykac go
czesto opiera
rada unikac
nia zbytnio
kolokwium
stad czesto
twisted zdecydowanie
zadamoe
spadaja praktycznie
zarzadzania
posmiac
idealnie mrgreen
klucic bo
jest bardzo
wstawia ocen
infe lub
rozwiazane
ktorego
pamietam
balbalbal
jest juz
jest tak
co sie
musi napluc
stareotypach
to jest
osobisce nie
to bardzo
bylo tak
tak sie
wiem jak
moze juz
jest jego
jest strasznie
trudno jest
przy czym
bo jest
tak szybko
to jego
potrafi jest
jest trudne
kto ma
zawsze potrafi
to bylo
czy potrafi
jest on
jest moze
ma dobrze
jest jak
jak sie
mozesz
bo kto
ale kiedy
ma dobry
no moze
jest wielki
bardzo dobrze
ale tak
da sie
mialem konkretne
dla niego
mnie to
przy tym
jakies
nie jest
za to
chyba ze
robi sie
je kilka
ale trzeba
jak to
sobie musi
to samo
to tylko
jest wielu
to trzeba
jest chyba
jego sposob
trzeba sie
czasem trzeba
ale wszystko
nie wiem
polecam jest
od niego
ma ich
za dobrze
tym ze
frekfencji
sie gubi
innym jest
to byla
ma bardzo
trzeba bylo
niczego
co czego
pan jest
bardzo mi
zrobic
to jak
kiedy to
zaliczac cada
powinno sie
prowadzone jest
ale czasami
jaki robi
to masz
co masz
nic tym
prezentacje
ktore
malo kto
takowe
co robi
uczy
nie wiadomo
przez niego
chyb ltraf
jak najszybciej
to takie
proste ze
to prawdziwy
co tym
jak pierwsze
bylo dobrze
jerzy
ta jest
wie swoje
nie bylo
za proste
czyli malo
nawet tych
tak nie
do innych
polecam co
sie jej
zawsze mieli
sie ze
zawsze do
czyli jak
powinny sie
nie wie
nawet jak
polecam mi
wielki problem
dlaczego bardzo
nie masz
zrobili
to dla
dodatkowo jego
byl juz
wie co
wprowadzenie
nawet was
czytasz
te proste
jak masz
niektorzy
nie lubi
jaki sie
jest inaczej
nie powinno
dobrze zostaje
dalej jest
dostawales grupe
jak do
konsultacje
nie warto
teraz nim
przypadku tego
lubi sie
jest sposob
nie daje
sie jak
sie te
sie to
ktos
tego co
kosztuje
sie dodaje
nie polecam
ale nie
na niego
przez to
sie nieco
ze co
mnie tym
to malo
ma sie
co dzieje
ktorzy
zanim
pierwsze kolo
biednych
zdanie
tak prosto
ze to
aktywny
no chyba
daruje
przechodzi
czego sie
sie do
dobry humor
motywacja
nigdy sie
ciekawie
nic nie
sie na
to nie
zrobil
poprawnie
potem pyta
mnie jego
zadan
takie to
mi sie
reczne
juz tylko
ze sa
roznych
bardzo na
przeznaczony dla
prezentacji
do mnie
ktora
jak nie
moze nie
jak juz
po drugiej
skonczy
pierwsze trzeba
zadaniami
nic tych
jak nawet
zalic
wyklad
zadane
bo jeszcze
istotne dla
nie sa
przy niej
sa takie
was nie
meczy
bo sie
ja nie
to pierwsze
do konca
do wszystkie
bicia
sie nie
ze nie
tylko dopiero
choc
albo albo
nie potrafi
przyklad
programowania
nikt nie
przykry
do pierwszego
es na
ale bierze
polowy
czyli nie
dla dziewczyn
moze ta
to do
oznacza ze
em az
tragicznie
zle
za darmo
czyli ulubione
kochasz
ludziom
tym nie
albo nie
gadanie
wszystko idealnie
byl ja
nie za
nie do
tylko pani
ma problemy
ze tego
no ale
jest na
nigdy nie
do tego
na terminie
ale za
dlatego chyba
sie ten
dziwne
dziewczyn jest
swoje wypowiedzi
po pierwszym
nawet proste
dr jest
bylo trudne
zadana
da za
bylo nawet
do tych
zadania robi
wielu innych
nie da
sie za
proste zadania
zawiera sie
dla osob
to pan
ludzi no
bylo juz
kilka osob
robic
nie ma
niego bardzo
czym sam
mozecie
zdania
tyle nie
daje za
napisac
wie po
od tego
dostaje
lepiej nie
podstawowym
edukacyjny
byl jeszcze
niskich
panie
tych rzeczy
lepsza
zly
ta nie
jak by
tego momentu
dziewczyny
na wszystko
zeby
jak ma
ani nie
to by
te pierwsze
rozowo
zadania sa
ze wszyscy
to oznacza
czego te
nie czyli
to jednym
przeciwnym
powtarza sie
malych
nie po
gdzie te
komputerowe
sie jedna
nie czyta
masz szans
ale na
wysokim
napisal co
ucza
wg
ograniczenie
kiedykolwiek
polecenia
przyjdzie
mi za
jej grupy
nie mieli
mowy
na jak
to na
na koncu
raczej nie
malo nie
spojrzy
sie wszystkiego
to bierze
byl dal
techniki
em do
godziny bez
wielki blad
na podstawie
jezeli
em ze
wstanie
kosmicznie
terminie to
na pierwszym
niektorych
nie prowadzi
tylko na
wiedze
straszy
lecz na
em bo
jestes
az do
one na
sie nim
do wszystkiego
ona wie
ze ma
tragiczny
odpowiada sie
poza tym
sie tego
niby
nie umie
na drugim
ze na
sam nie
nie zamierza
od nowa
lawka
przepisuje
po samym
zadania na
moze ja
mu nie
to da
jes
sama forma
matematyczny
masz jeszcze
zadania przez
panow
sie temu
wiemy
zadania co
jeszcze podstaw
do na
to pierwsza
ta prze
relacje
sie tylko
zadania byly
skad
dziewczyna
jedynie tylko
godziny nie
jakas
by to
sie godziny
jet
na dobra
pomoca
cie
zasady sa
juz trzeba
wart
maria
dodatkowe jej
przerwy
swoje tyle
mnie na
bierze strasznie
lub na
nie widzi
robi na
zrobilam
dodac
powie
min polecam
rysowane
zajec
zadnych
podaj
bedzie
ci nie
potrafi sie
ta dostala
ale sama
sposobem
sie mocno
ze zasady
informatyka
wydaje sie
bo tym
lekko nie
wszystko prowadzone
przerabia
lub cos
do domu
kalkulator
sposobu
tresci
jest test
kosmiczne
niego jak
elektroniczne
ceni
po nich
to raz
mozliwe
zadaniach
zadanie przy
na to
jakos
podstawy
kurs material
chyba ok
ideal nie
nim nie
co chodzi
elektrycznym
wiecej
takie dwa
recznych
zdalo
sposob prowadzenia
lat ale
programowaniu
dupie
ze osoby
kurs jak
test pytania
isc
tak potrafi
zadania po
rysuje
na nie
marnego
ktorym
robia
nie nie
nieo
masz niej
koles do
sa typu
miernictwo
zl
mowie
cw
model na
inny
spaczenia
sie domu
odpowiedzi przy
osie
jakikolwiek
ponoc
na grupy
dziwie
znanym
duzo
przygotowanie do
skala
bo nie
lubi jak
ci na
pisane
motywuje
osob byl
chyba sobie
bez sensu
sa to
dac
niewielkie
matematyczna
szkoda
robi zadanie
sam robi
siedzisz
godny
juz lepiej
na byl
mozna
koncu jest
poprzednich
na temat
patrzy
test na
polecam go
genialnie
na dodatek
postowi
juz nie
niego nie
nie nadaje
na ale
no lekko
sie pani
to to
sie wyniki
da bo
te nazwisko
oceniania
sie zadanie
zadaniu
co do
takim byl
do kola
ten pan
na poziomie
jedna tych
sie nia
dawniej
chemie
polecam bo
po dwa
ze od
istna
masz malo
mam ale
komplikuje
tolerancji
tej podstawie
przepros
studenta
rozmowy ze
by byl
pan to
przydadza
tez nie
strasznie ma
ponadto
prawdziwy model
mozesh
marek
gdyz
czekalo
stosunkowo malo
losowo
momentu bylo
znaja
zdaly
nudy
wiadomo co
generalnie
em raz
trudniejsze
caly
jedynie osobom
po co
cio
oj
osob dla
is sposob
oddal
zadania chyba
na tych
ale zadania
panu
bylo strasznie
bylo mam
dal mi
kaze
ta czyli
to co
nie maja
ludzkie
by mi
malo czasu
pakiety
go na
studentow
na koniec
powtarzanie
informatyki
chodz
osoby na
ktorych
mija
dowod
lepsi
ja by
internetowa
starac
kto pierwszy
zadaniem
napisze
na analize
tydzien
punkt za
byla moja
dobicie
sie juz
po min
moze mila
linika
lektorat
nudno
drpa
kurs analiza
zera
to ci
bawic
tak ta
pozniej
co one
byl em
studenci
pierwszym kole
wpisow
wiec
grozny
to juz
potrafi dodatkowo
smy
niz raz
uwala
mierniki
kto dr
polecam zadania
tdzien
miernik
nauczania
oraz odpowiedzi
tonem
sposob wypowiedzi
unikajcie
na min
umiec
do nich
co komu
szkodnik
pisak
tresc
tragedia
jedynie ze
mowi
niej na
sie on
evil
tutaj juz
to lub
latwe
tyg
chodzi nim
cokolwiek
przynajmniej potrafi
bie
jak inni
prokurator
zamiast godziny
na samym
tyle razy
dziwi
do tej
prosto zadania
zachowawcze
ale ja
humor jak
nadaje sie
inz
hehe no
ekonomia
byc
mowic
trudny
mimo iz
diagnoza
color yellow
by dal
malcher
jazde
kartke
pan doktor
zostaje kto
widzi nawet
prowadzone formie
udalo
minut nie
panem
bo na
do kolejnych
gdybym
na co
drugim twoje
graficzny
zegarkiem
grpa
go jak
tym historia
drugiej stronie
opinia ta
balagan
nudne
sporo nauki
lak na
lipa
lawce
na na
sluze
do bani
juz wtedy
dzieki
tematyke
wszystkiego kazdy
wink
osob masz
specyficzny
lubia
zalicza sie
ze analize
fizyka
facet
trwal
dobra rada
nieee
irence
szalu
mial
miare
pani na
marze
bolu
bycia
naprawde
razy co
podstawa
moga
powec
iv
opiera sie
on nigdy
moja rada
dzieje sie
brak ja
olewaj
studentem
kolo nie
nim kurs
dopiero na
szerokim
przeczytac
zalezy
drugie
bo to
pytanai
gdzie elektryczny
dorwe
testem
grozi
kartki
ma to
zagadnieniami
beata
trudne jak
heh
zerowe
gubi przy
to tez
by od
portalik
na tej
chyba niego
jakiejs
dwoch
reszty
pisac
sprawdza przed
robilem
opinia na
ps przypadku
okazje
linike
elektryczne gdzie
tym doktor
dodam
trudne ale
ja szczerze
pana jak
tyklo
angielskiego nie
wnioski ale
roku poza
nie opinia
zadanie to
problemow
osobnika
glowe
pana na
za cale
ta ta
pana po
troche
na sporo
ciagu
glownie
btw nie
pkt czyli
pani doktor
przekonaniu
maja sie
powiem
ciezko
pkt za
drewna po
miec
grala
raz niej
przewry
pana to
oblicza
mierna
zapis konstrukcji
na doc
babka
ma inne
tyly
nim zamiast
skomplikowane
juz mu
niemila
pierwszego kola
zamiast byl
cyt
doktor ma
co by
glowie
sprawa
dst
bierze pod
analiza na
mysle
beaty
radze
raz to
poprawke
ustala
pkt to
tego pana
sesji
na jedynie
symetri
ustnym
zadko
pani dr
kola nie
ma wybor
systemem
pani ta
przez cale
twisted
tylu
daleka
uwage
dosc
zadanie jak
ostatnie
podobalo
bo pani
wyznaczonych
majace
strone
by wtedy
kwazar
akademii
poprawki
materialy
kursy
doprowadza
jednak rzeczy
lukiem
konca przez
umiesz
mialo
kurs angielski
niezle
trafisz
ocenic
zalicza je
nudach
rada nie
ii
normalne
ma doktora
wazna
uznaje
spac
godzince
postawie
stoi
tematycznej
typa
mu on
malo istotne
absurdalny
punktow
pani prowadzi
zadanie tym
gabka
url
juz po
zamierza tym
przeszkadzanie
przyznac
ten post
miala
testy
czesto
egzaminie
punkta
nie zapyta
czegos
pana juz
pani ci
program pt
szance
niego jedyne
latwo
slowa
testow
kolach
maszyna
to prawdopodobnie
prowadzony
godzine
byly zero
malo pkt
modl
glupie
poniza
kola lub
bryja
luz wtedy
minusa
samym koncu
kazdy poprawia
tematu
kola pierwsze
cale godziny
egzaminu
cenne
planow
tej pani
siedziec
drugim kole
pania
idzie na
liliana
liniowa
absolutnie
rozmawiac
wyszlo
ile robi
ekranie
masakra
zwrotami
podobnej
skomplikowana
ognia
iii
musze
infe
gorzej
dostal em
przeszlo
siakos
kosmosu
bywaja
praktycznie do
szykoj
unikaj
wyboru wszyscy
potrafil
iz odpowiada
regulki
niej niewiele
laborki
laborka
czleka
egzaminem
usilnie
mrgreen
niezla
podobal
zasadami
na pierwszych
podobie
prowadzi ma
chodzic
trudnosci
latwych
trafil
zapowiedziane
mialam
ocen tych
sa trudne
lzami
koniec ta
indeksie
bladzi
osob na
prowadzic
skrawek
egzaminach
kursui
obecnosci
dawno
uwaza
chcialo
pkt tego
glosu
nim analize
wybor bo
zadaz
tablicy
bawil
grupami
sobie ile
unikac
laborek
przypadkiem
wole
zaliczaja
msci
tablica
mila ale
endeeste
mialem
laborkach
humoru
jednej rece
material jaki
chcial
skrypt
tablice
przedmiotow
kole to
doc ma
analna
krotko
konkretow
gosc
szans na
multimedialne
samemu
sprawdza kto
cale zadanie
ocena
organiczna
napluc
ocene
punkty
szanse
jakbym
indeksy
ok osob
niego trafi
inni ale
swoja
sprawdza bo
ppt
facetem
razy bo
bajorek
smiac
zadanie albo
brak poczucie
spadaja
czeeee
hardcore na
doktora chyba
wspominalem
terminach
robi zmienia
banalne
przyczepia
wykorzystac
totalna
zaliczaniem
swoj
zadanie pkt
osobista
ocenianiem
pojawic
pyta cale
odbywalo
pacjent stanie
indeksow
plotkuje
temat angielskiego
stopien
post prawdopodobnie
trzymac
zrozumiec
podstawie ocen
tez hehe
lubi hardcore
widac
trafi to
unikiac
dowiedziec
polega na
sobote
wyciaga
wstawia
spokojniej
niego pytania
ltraf
powinnien
wychodzi rund
klucic
wyskoko
oddac
przyczepic
sprawdzal
skryptu
olalam
on sprawdza
pt kalk
rozszerzone
uklada
wyniku zamiast
spowodowana
dostawales
wyslac
wyslal
zaliczac
fraktalach
spotykac
wychodzilem
chcialam
maja szans
grupe potrafi
grubym
przejsc
domu oddaje
wymaga by
zdecydowanie by
prawdopodobnie by
zbytnio
chodzilam
koncu wyniku
brak podobno
pare osob
sobisty
pana raczej
okreslil
juz minu
nijak maja
ocen brak
prof powtarza
osobisce
etc sprawdza
potem
bardzo
zawsze
dobrze
ich
teraz
sie
dobry
dla
jego
kiedy
wszystko
czyli
roku
tylko
program
em
ja
przy
was
az
szybko
nic
system
ludzi
jak
czy
dodatkowo
nie
es
student
model
oraz
dr
wielki
kontakt
pierwszy
dalej
mnie
gdzie
doktor
historia
lub
no
problemy
je
by
wtedy
super
iz
cene
is
to
one
ideal
problem
ok
nigdy
przypadku
jej
kurs
color
test
na
wszystkie
moze
od
wie
programy
lecz
twoje
da
dlaczego
swoje
za
lepiej
material
do
tak
jest
ile
air
warto
angielski
te
luz
pod
zadania
proste
min
mu
ta
trzeba
jeszcze
pan
dni
sa
nazwisko
po
samo
okolo
mi
zasady
ze
ale
odpowiedzi
godziny
tu
inne
pytania
post
chaos
terminie
nim
zero
nas
koles
on
wszyscy
nei
rok
bo
wszystkich
wiedzy
elektryczny
ani
byl
dal
np
przez
mam
ma
hehe
malo
lak
jan
pierwsze
darmo
ci
tutaj
forma
chce
bez
analize
moja
angielskiego
wyniki
pierwszej
yellow
prze
drugiej
przed
ten
niej
dodaje
dodatkowe
jedynie
wiem
niz
zapis
oznacza
analiza
cada
nia
ps
daje
kto
co
grup
polecam
innym
pyta
albo
elektryczne
innych
listy
nawet
tym
minut
blad
grupy
sam
humor
pacjent
temu
doc
punkt
jaki
nad
go
dziewczyn
maja
nauki
stronie
opinia
czasem
lat
domu
prof
sama
twarz
niego
wnioski
prawdziwy
gdy
osoby
jednak
drewna
temat
wielu
rund
dobra
doktora
jednej
cos
robi
byla
dostal
rzeczy
stad
pol
rozmowy
bylo
pierwsza
nieco
pani
pkt
razie
kazdy
sobie
pana
dlatego
kola
sali
jedna
lekko
byly
czasami
masz
inaczej
bani
oto
dwa
ona
godzin
tyle
drewniany
napisal
osoba
czasu
grupe
tez
etc
rada
czym
sporo
lubi
czyta
posta
zamiast
zadanie
konca
prosto
pt
takim
zapyta
btw
tego
szczerze
poprawia
idealnie
kilka
gubi
kolo
pare
chyba
sposob
drugim
takie
koncu
chcesz
inni
wypowiedzi
przygotowanie
istotne
konstrukcji
tej
pierwszego
egzamin
ponad
raz
stanie
pierwszym
hardcore
wybor
oceny
tych
typu
podstawie
dzieje
zostaje
strasznie
komu
juz
jakim
dostala
kalk
widzi
sensu
jednego
kole
cale
raczej
mimo
niewiele
bierze
pisal
poza
wyboru
poziomie
mieli
przynajmniej
brak
momentu
dopiero
zawiera
odpowiada
prowadzi
mila
pokaz
musi
nich
chyb
nowa
wiadomo
samym
konkretne
razy
wyniku
chodzi
potrafi
wszystkiego
trudno
zmienia
oddaje
dodatek
rece
najszybciej
koniec
prawdopodobnie
ocen
powinno
osob
czego
poczucie
osobom
podstaw
idzie
jedyne
nadaje
ulubione
minu
podobno
trafi
wymaga
stosunkowo
wychodzi
trudne
jednym
prowadzone
nikt
powtarza
zdecydowanie
przeznaczony
mocno
wydaje
prowadzenia
praktycznie
umie
pierwszych
szans
powinny
formie
nijak