wysminiecie przygotowujacych
rozwijajacy przygotowanie
prowadzi niezrozumiale
niezrozumialy przepisuje
najdrobniejsze szczegoly
trudnosci zapowiedziane
przeszkadzanie zajeciach
wydziale przeznaczony
przygotowujacych wnioski
wyklady niezrozumiale
nieprzyjazne wykladowca
zaliczaniem poszczegolnych
niewspodziewajek egzamin
wyklad niezrozumialy
szczegolnie poczatkach
calkowice nieprzyjazne
odradzam jakikolwiek
zdawalnosc kolokwiach
pozaostaje zyczyc
przechodzic przyspieszony
zaliczeniem kolokwia
za przeszkadzanie
beznadziejna kolokwia
rozwiazuje zadania
podstawie kursutematyczna
zdecydowanie odradzam
beznadziejne zdawalnosc
przepisuje zadania
kolokwia niespodziewajki
zaliczyla kolokwiach
kursutematyczna cwiczenia
chodzi najdrobniejsze
zaliczenie wykladu
obleje przynajmniej
przeczytac domu
zaliczyly wiekszosc
przez wiekszosc
przynajmniej potrafi
podyktowac zadanie
przynajmniej polowy
przyczepic jesliktos
eklektycznym wydziale
zaliczenie wszystkich
przygotowywac potem
pochrzakiwanie doprowadza
kiedy przyjdzie
poszczegolnych zajec
zaliczyc tak
wzielo przyklady
przyczepic sie
pierwszym kole
podstawy zarzadzania
przy rozwiazywaniu
chodzi zaliczenie
zaliczenia kolokwia
czlowiek wkurza
cokolwiek zanotowac
rozmawiac nie
przyjemnosc miec
rozwiazac niektorych
przegowniany niego
dowiedziec zawsze
kartkowki przyczepia
zapis konstrukcji
na poczatek
wyklad cwiczenia
beznadziejnie diagnoza
wiecej przysiadl
nieprzystepna plotkuje
tematycznej opowiesci
na poczatku
przeszkadzanie
podstawie kursuatematyczna
wyklad beznadziejny
studenta nieprzyjazne
zapisywaniem nazwisk
oszczednosc kazdy
raczej przepisuje
na pielgrzymke
bezposrednio stycznosc
przyklady tego
ciezko dowiedziec
oblicza skomplikowane
rozwiazywaniu zadan
koniec zaliczenie
wyklad przepisuje
przyczepia do
wykladach przepisuje
problemy zaliczaniem
jezykiem stanowczo
spadaja praktycznie
studenci ktorzy
zaliczyc unikaj
powiedzial zadnych
powtarzanie wykladu
szczegolnie na
zawsze wychodzilem
czasu poswieca
beznadziejne ogolne
poniewaz zdolni
przeznaczony dla
zachacza zaliczenie
uciekajcie od
niezrozumiale studentow
studentow szczegolnie
unikniesz pozaostaje
poziomie ogolnie
zaliczenie na
zaliczyc podstawa
przygotowanie do
przyjemnosc
przyczepia sie
potrafi wytumaczyc
za wszechwiedzaca
wyszlo oczywiscie
najwieksza motywacja
potrafi wytlumaczyc
dziewczyny pierwszej
wytlumaczyc tego
szczesliwy przez
na ksiezyc
przechodzi ludzkie
pojecie czesto
zajec prowadzaca
niewielkie wprowadzenie
zaliczyc na
tu szczegolnie
od szczescia
przepusci kilka
nie zdziwcie
przed wejsciem
koniec zaliczyc
zaliczyc wogole
przysiadl nad
ktore zdecydowanie
poczucie humoruzy
zajeciach nastepnym
stanowczo odradzam
jak najszybciej
zaliczenia mozna
czesciowo poprzednich
wszystkich zajec
odpowiedzi przy
przypadkiem mialem
kolach zaliczylo
sprawdza obecnosc
do wszytkiego
bez zajakniecia
kosztuje niego
przyjdzie do
sa beznadziejne
mieli przyjemnosc
mozna dowiedziec
szybko niewyraznie
zaliczyc jest
ze wszyscy
to przeczytac
wszytkiego dla
prowadzacych przyklad
rozwiazuje do
wypowiedzi chaotyczny
jest beznadziejna
szczescia mozna
wychodzilem znerwiony
jeszcze obnizy
zrozumiec ta
cwiczeniowej no
te nazwisko
oczywiscie jak
nauczyc niebardzo
na poziomie
kolejnych zajec
oddaje wyznaczonych
elektryczne gdzie
zajakniecia sie
to przyczepia
po wykladzie
gdzie elektryczny
przyczepic do
praktycznie do
ksiazek zaliczenie
na policzkach
calkowicie dobrze
niewspodziewajek
przyklady ciagu
zaliczenie jest
sa beznadziejnym
sie wszystkiego
jak beznadziejnie
przyklad tolerancji
na wydziale
szczegoly nic
siedziec przy
sie nauczyc
ciekawie zdenerwowal
poczatkach programowania
na zaliczenie
przerwac polzdania
ogolne podejszcie
najszybciej musze
materialy beznadziejne
sie zaliczyc
przez niego
przeznaczony
do wszystkiego
zapowiedziane nie
pierwsze kolokwium
polzdania rozmowy
najszybciej wyklad
egzaminu wlasciwie
przyznac ze
kolokwium zaliczajace
zdanie prowadzacym
na pierwszym
ciezko cokolwiek
skomplikowana osobowosc
daruje prowadzi
ludzkie pojecie
rozowo ogolnie
jest nieprzystepna
spojrzy ogolnie
ciezkie zadania
beznadziejne beznadziejna
recznych ktore
zyczyc wytrwalosci
wszechwiedzaca na
sie przygotowywac
podstawa zaliczenia
chcesz zaliczyc
czlowiek nie
do wszystkie
przyjdzie
elektrycznym daje
wyklad odradzam
wszystkiego kazdy
kolokwiow ciezko
wiekszosc kartkowek
wiekszosc czasu
niezrozumiale nic
ludziom ktorzy
przypadku tego
jest zaliczyc
wtedy szczesliwy
moja najwieksza
zwlaszcza na
dziewczyn jest
wszystkiego samemu
szans zrozumiec
na zjeciach
podejszcie do
zaliczenie kilka
zaliczenie pkt
studentow czasem
fizyka cwiczenia
wyklad elektryczny
jak beznadziejne
tablicy przechodzi
znaja jeszcze
ograniczenie ciagow
oczywiscie ponad
nauczyc sie
srodki zachowawcze
zdziwcie sie
beznadziejna unikac
porozumiec bryja
poczatek dobra
niespodziewajki brak
rozwiazuje
nie rozwijajacy
chodzic nie
przepisuje swoj
jest zaliczenie
edukacyjny kwazar
jestes elelktrycznego
zaliczenie do
rzeczy zerowe
przyklady sa
czasami przepusci
sa kosmicznie
zadko poniewaz
zaliczyc ale
wytrwalosci zaliczyc
okazje niej
beznadziejne beznadziejne
na wszystko
poprostu szkoda
rozwijajacy
beznadziejnym tylko
zrozumiec jakim
specyficzny sposob
pozniej na
od skonczylo
wybrzuszenie drewna
jeszcze podstaw
prowadzic laborki
pozniej sie
chamska zdecydowanie
przeczytac
zniechecil niektorych
daje ciezkie
gorzej osobisce
dopuszczajaca totalna
przyczepia
wykladzie mialem
wiedzy zaliczyc
nauczyc nieeeeeeee
trudnosci jak
przyklad jak
pierwszego kola
po pierwszym
podobnej trudnosci
prowadzaca jest
rozwiazywaniu
przy niej
juszkiewicz potocznie
zle wychodzi
prowadzacy utwierdzily
dobrze zostaje
strasznie niefajne
tak rozowo
sie przyczepic
prowadzenia zajec
raczej nie
powtorowy prowadzi
na wykladzie
zachowawcze wyslac
bedzie spokojniej
narysowac wybrzuszenie
na cwiczenia
uciekac za
dziwne zadania
uproszczenia kolokwium
sluzbistka nie
laborka kosmiczne
jezyku wogole
zaliczaja osoby
nie przydadza
przypadkiem
znanym jezykiem
swoje wypowiedzi
totalna beznadzieja
wszystko prowadzone
podsumowujac jesli
zaliczen poza
wyklad prowadzony
troszke trudniejsze
na eklektycznym
beznadziejnie
pierwsza lawka
beznadziejny nie
trafisz szykoj
zdolni studenci
nie rozwiazuje
szczegolnie
jego oszczednosc
cwiczenia na
przygotowanie
trudniejsze aaa
mozna przerywac
mierniki oczywiscie
beznadziejne sa
niewyraznie ze
szczorow kto
poswieca na
niefajne zniechecil
grupy cwiczeniowej
skonczyc nim
nie zaliczyc
pielgrzymke do
niektorzy nie
predkoscia rozwiazuje
wyklad zalicza
wytumaczyc trzeba
brak niewspodziewajek
oraz odpowiedzi
dowiedziec sie
niego najistotniejsze
uczyc widac
dobrze tlumaczy
rzeczy ktore
zajec raczej
skonczylo sie
uznaje zadnuch
szczesliwy
samemu zeswirowac
potwierdzna przez
ciezko ocenic
ciezko na
jakas dziewczyna
straszy wyrzuceniem
na zajeciach
beznadziejne
potrafi zaliczyc
oszczednosc
ta zaliczyl
zalicza je
beznadziejna
indeksie zaliczenia
niewiele mozna
wydziale elektrycznym
samym wykladzie
bardzo niesprawiedliwy
mozna kompetnie
pokaz slajdow
nie wytlumaczy
do kolejnych
robi przepisuje
kolokwiow czasem
chaotyczny ciezko
przekonaniu relacje
musze przyznac
chcialam skonczyc
beznadziejny
rozmowy ze
rozszerzone kartkowki
najistotniejsze jest
konstrukcji wyklad
przygotowujacych
matematyczna cwiczenia
przed zakonczeniem
odpytke czyli
czasem trzeba
zalicza sie
miec przynajmniej
cwiczeniowe osob
dwa przyklady
punkta kosztuje
prowadzic zajec
szykoj sie
beznadzieja
wszystkie osie
potrafi nauczyc
zrobilam wielki
czyli nie
swoje zdanie
krystycznym srodki
zaliczyc idzie
przepisuje
zaliczylo osob
cwiczeniowej
wiekszosc nawet
na pierwszych
za wszelka
wstanie nauczyc
iz odpowiada
tylu wzgledem
skonczylo czyli
potocznie jan
pierwszych cwiczeniach
najdrobniejsze
ujemne dzieki
zakonczeniem laborek
gosciem mozna
bez uproszczenia
niektorych strasznie
wnikac dlaczego
poczucie humoru
obecnosc ktora
ogolnie odradzam
wszystko mowi
zaliczysz na
wykladzie dalej
przy czym
sie porozumiec
czyli jak
poszczegolnych
beznadzieja babka
zadnych konkretow
sie dziewczyny
pierwsze trzeba
nauczyc ale
napisze swoje
robi przyklady
pakiety uzytkowe
ja szczerze
zdalo najwiecej
mnie odrzucila
pierwszej lawce
wyrzuceniem sali
elektryczny nudny
wszystko zalezy
dziwne na
przerabia zawiera
jest chaotyczna
jakies zaliczenie
najdalej wyklady
zaliczenie
zajakniecia
szczescia
ksiezyc ocena
potrafi przyczepic
zwrotami nie
trzymac sie
chodz gosciu
jezdzil zwlaszcza
zjeciach nie
szalu zaliczeniem
praktycznie
elektroniczne cwiczenia
czasem wrecz
przedmiotow nikt
innych prowadzacych
dopuszczajaca
stycznosc
dostaje wiecej
to skonczylo
mial latwiejsza
kolokwia poprawki
studenta ciezko
osobiscie zrobilam
nieprzyjazne ten
zerowe calkowice
podstawie kursui
pozostali ostatnie
wczystko do
ktorzy nie
potrafi tlumaczyc
zrozumiec
najgorszy jest
mierna dopuszczajaca
wszystkie stwarza
tyklo mozecie
wykladac wszystko
kolokwiach sprawa
najwiecej osob
podejscie do
skonczy zadanie
organiczna trzeba
egzaminie przeszlo
ekonomia wydzial
zeby zrozumiec
jest potwierdzna
matematyczny kola
strasznie jezdzil
na zjecia
beznadziejnym
pisak drugiej
nieprzyjazne
nazwisko planow
zawsze potrafi
zl konsultacje
miec wszystko
czegos doczepic
porzadku dobrze
kursuatematyczna cw
choc niektorzy
co dzieje
kartkowki na
go przejsc
zalezy od
rzez potrafi
do nauczania
zapowiedziane
ze odbywalo
nudne wyjatkim
weglinskiego jak
podejszcie
nieprzystepna
ma specyficzny
skomplikowane rownania
dla dziewczyn
najszybciej
zaliczaniem
daje dziwne
unikajcie da
gabka wiekszosc
zaliczeni brak
daje za
pozniej
dobrze rekorodowo
matematyczna wyklad
sprawdzajace wiedze
zajec przez
stareotypach przyczepia
laborki prowadzi
przynajmniej
egzaminie podstawowym
latwiejsza grupe
oznacza ze
ponadto pozniej
przyznac
odradzam tego
spokojniej gosciem
zalic popieprzona
na kolokwium
niektorych ludzi
potrafil wykorzystac
przeszlo dodatkowe
nawet odechciewa
wyswietlaniu na
zdanie pozniej
przejsc
cwiczeniach zawrotna
siedzisz jak
kosmiczne nie
wlasciwie zerowe
duzo siedziec
studenta szanuj
podobno dawniej
dosc samozapracia
kolegow ktorzy
po jakiejs
sie wzielo
na wykladach
akademii rolniczej
niespodziewajki
kursuatematyczna
rysunki reczne
na egzamie
powiem krotko
prezentacji
kartkowek ponadto
ciezkie
lepiej zrobic
dowiedziec
nia zbytnio
chaotyczna do
zaliczajace brak
zajec chaotyczny
rolniczej dlatego
jeszcze szanse
przyklady
jest strasznie
kursutematyczna
jesli kiedykolwiek
ogolne podejscie
ekranie prezentacji
siedziec
wszytkiego
wiekszosc
wypowiedzi wole
poniewaz pol
po niektorych
chaotyczny czy
brak beznadziejne
na wyswietlaniu
pojawic po
mowic odradzam
wykorzystac to
poniewaz na
przyklad weglinski
swiat matematyczny
ntomiast ograniczenie
ktorzy maja
podaj przyklad
wyznaczonych terminach
pierwszy skonczy
czyta uwaza
wartosciowego kolokwia
siedzisz sprawdza
sie prowadzic
zawrotna predkoscia
przerywac bo
cwiczenia ja
tematycznej
jej zechce
ktorzy mieli
jesli czytasz
tlumaczyc ale
wszechwiedzaca
czeeee powiem
tym przypadkiem
ciagle pochrzakiwanie
tematu przy
daje niewielkie
najwieksza
szczerze mowiac
sie uzbierac
beata wprowadzenie
niego prowadzacy
nieziemski poprostu
pocwiczyc to
wiedzial gdzie
czlowieku mysle
odradzam juz
niezrozumialy
radojewskiej
czesto sie
do pierwszego
zostaje kto
znadnym na
poprawki kolokwiow
przepros kartke
ze sposobu
uzytkowe
kartkowek potem
ludzi ktorzy
rolniczej
jezykiem
kolokwium juz
zajeciach robi
znerwiony zadaz
wykladu jak
unikaj zdania
formie tematycznej
dzieki ktorym
mozna sie
zalezy na
naprawde niezle
swoja maszyna
nauczyc wg
poczatku to
poza kolokwiami
wyklad polega
elelktrycznego to
poprzednich
raz niej
powtarza sie
obowiazuje na
relacje kolegow
tak uczy
zasnela nie
jest nieziemski
powiedzial
ale wszystko
zabraknie ci
szybko indeksy
sie zachacza
informatyki wyklad
prowadzi dosc
poniza wydziera
zdania na
pojecia jak
konstrukcji
wspominalem ciezko
zadnuch zaliczen
miernictwo elektryczne
uzytkowe koszmar
nie czyta
wszystkie
przyspieszony kurs
komu wyklady
patrzy sie
zalicze bez
kartkowka na
ta czyli
cwiczenia idzesz
komplikuje nie
nie zaliczyla
smieja ze
do niektrorych
na cwiczeniach
konca przez
zastanowilem nad
powiem tak
ma przepros
sposob prowadzenia
zegarkiem mija
skonczylo
nazwisko
przydadza np
szykoj
idzie zasnac
pierwsze kolo
sposob wypowiedzi
nie bezposrednio
niesamowice ciezko
elektryczne
ktore zaliczyly
egzaminem znadnym
kazimierz jozef
podstawie ocen
chodzilam na
zadanie przy
mozna samemu
umie prowadzic
zapyta odrazu
juz wiedzial
plotkuje obgaduje
pierwszej
rozwiazane zadanie
zanotowac na
jakos nie
razie odradzam
polzdania
zaliczeniem dosc
przepusci
sprawdza kto
mozna miec
nie znaja
mocno wygimnastykowac
wydziera sie
miernikow na
zdziwcie
podstaw zadaje
na egzaminie
jak przegowniany
kontakt mozna
tej podstawie
na podstawie
zdecydowanie
motywacja zeby
proste zadania
grozi za
przypadku
roznych mianownikach
tak szybko
odrobce wykopala
okazje
nie porozmawiasz
konkretne pojecia
informatyka wyklad
jeszcze iv
slajdow na
szczegoly
przeciwnym razie
doslownie regulki
kolokwiach stosunkowo
prowadzi rowniez
trudnosci na
nie pospisz
przyczepic
po egzaminie
zaliczac cada
zadania przez
wszystko idealnie
jednym zadaniu
przygotowywac
miala okazje
na koniec
niektorymi zwrotami
grupy cwiczeniowe
sie zagadnieniami
przysiadl
na kolokwiahc
egzaminie ktorego
strasznie ma
czlowieku
na kolokwiach
strasznie zadko
szans na
panem cwiczenia
oj zdenerwowal
zadnych szans
pierwsza
juz nie
nieo spojrzy
pierwszego
bez przerwy
czlowiek ma
chodzic gosciu
przez cale
student szkodnik
najistotniejsze
ludzi oj
brak poczucie
wszystkiego
przystapic osoby
pkt wczystko
podstawowym za
sie pojawic
nie zaliczyl
nauczania sama
wyscig szczorow
policzkach bo
nie czyli
ten czlowiek
nie prowadzi
jednak rzeczy
jest sluzbistka
kazdy poprawia
wykladu wyklady
trudniejsze
sie mozna
przepuscil po
rozmawiac
poczucia humoru
musialyby przechodzic
wszelka cene
wyboru wszyscy
wkurza rada
arytmetyczna moja
dzieje sie
ciagow dziwi
graficzny zapis
poprzednich lat
sluzbistka
niezrozumiale
prostrzych grup
zajec na
poczatkach
tlumaczenia jest
ograniczenie
listy przedmiotow
sprawdza przed
kurs zwiazku
zawsze do
szczorow
olowkiem rysowane
tez nie
cwiczeniowe
szczescia btw
tego uczyc
wszyscy wykladowcy
potrafi wykladac
uciekajcie
kolo podobnej
nauczyc
wybrzuszenie
prostrzych
niezle napracowac
godziny wiec
wzgledem cwiczen
ze od
dziewczyna
pierwsze spaczenia
zadania na
pana raczej
trudnosci jest
ze lzami
smieszyla mnie
dzieje
testem wielokrotnego
oczywiscie
rowniez trudnosci
wydziale wemif
kolach gdzie
przerywac
laborki miernikow
trzeba dzwonic
komplikuje tutaj
dziewczyna choc
zdawalnosc
chodzi rysunki
szanuj mnie
sie zastanowilem
niej zadnych
czego sie
zaliczyl es
zaliczyc generalnie
tragicznie nudne
kieruje swoje
zaliczyc pan
kartki przy
czlowiek chyba
tresci wykladu
wyklad jak
godzince wykrelscie
dobrze wyklad
komputerowe laborki
wiem jak
odradzam pani
specyficzny
koncu wykladu
zwlaszcza
zaliczyl em
lecz na
tylko mozliwe
pierwszym
problemow nie
kiedykolwiek dorwe
bierze strasznie
cio obowiazuje
miec wiedzy
zajec trzeba
poprawnie rozwiazane
odrzucila
nim niezla
gdzie te
dziewczyny
juz lepiej
kosmicznie trudne
ze na
rozwiazac
poswieca
ze nie
przechodzic
uwazam za
wyklady nie
podejscie
ze bryja
malo ciekawie
niego powszechna
kompetnie nie
konsultacje cyt
oto przyklad
poczatek choc
jest inaczej
poczatek
nudach sprawdza
przeszlo
wymyslne nie
na wyklady
sali zapisywaniem
indywidualna odpytke
rund zalicze
elelktrycznego
zaliczylo
przedmiotow
czytasz ten
ktora sprawdza
rowniez zajecia
kolejnych
przydadza
sie przerabia
kiedykolwiek
sama czesto
raczej
ocena odradzam
rysunkow recznych
czym sam
wszystkich
przegowniany
pojecia programowaniu
chodzi nim
obgaduje poniza
gdzie siedzisz
liczb pierwsze
latwo zdobyc
bezstresowo
wykladzie bo
kto jerzy
lekko nie
odpowiedzi
ciezko zaliczac
umiec jak
informatyki na
kosztuje
zadania ktorych
pierwszych
kazdy skrawek
czleka to
niezla jazde
miare bezstresowo
stwarza problemy
zadan komplikuje
portalik edukacyjny
wczystko
poczatku
ktorym rysuje
mu zalezy
przechodzi
niechec spowodowana
rysunkow rysuje
tych prostrzych
nie za
poziomie
uciekal jak
lepiej nie
oceniania zawsze
mozna jedynie
wywoluje na
przepisuje skrypt
to pierwsza
reczne
liczaca kalkulator
osob wysminiecie
jezyku
masz niej
odpowiada sie
od tlumaczenia
jakikolwiek kontakt
trzeba miec
kola pierwsze
zawiera sie
nie chodzilam
odradzam gosc
dziewczyn
gorzej
zakonczeniem
dodatkowe jej
elektryczny
skrypcie na
wyrywaj od
czekalo ta
lzami na
cie wiecej
ale najgorszy
srednia arytmetyczna
ostatnie zadanie
tylko gorzej
kolokwium bylo
stracielem przez
sprawa nie
wiedze informatyki
zaliczyla
stopniu trudnosci
cwiczenia robi
cwiczenia unikac
zawsze mieli
nie zaliczylem
pani prowadzi
forma wykladu
zaliczyc
rozmowy
robilismy zadanie
dosc dziwne
odradzam bo
szans pogadac
obecnosc decydowala
nie dziwie
nieco komplikuje
reczne to
czesto opiera
potrafi przerwac
zadaz zadamoe
wejsciem dowod
zedytowalam posta
wszyscy wiemy
kosmicznie
skonczyc
poczucie
wykladowca akademii
zdolni
wyznaczonych
to unikajcie
cwiczeniach zawsze
bo ludziom
jest obecnosc
wyrzuceniem
omijac szerokim
jest niesamowice
wiec nie
zachowawcze
obecnosci obecnosc
szkodnik unikac
zadanie dostaje
podstawie cie
miec calkowicie
jesli zabraknie
zadana tematyke
osobisce nie
terminie zdalo
czytasz
wykladu mnie
jezeli nie
doktor czesto
krystycznym
dziwie sie
wiecej nie
dobrze tlumnaczyl
unikac zaliczeni
egzaminie jest
czego te
zadanie pkt
co czekalo
emeryturze meczy
do szalu
kolokwiach tylko
mironem bedzie
pierwsze
wykorzystac
pospisz ani
niz pozostali
prosto zadania
spokojniej
nie straszne
ps przypadku
twoje zdanie
opowiesci stad
wazna jest
latwiejsza
problemy niektorymi
na konsultacje
bryja nie
slowa jakos
na kolach
przez to
juz naprawde
cwiczeniach za
czesciowo
przy tablicy
olewaj gorniaka
powie tez
radojewska beata
unikiac nie
dodaje ulamki
jest wielki
czlowiek
jakikolwiek
nie uznaje
duzo nie
tym rozmawiac
ze ktos
bylo strasznie
bardzo dziwie
zarzadzania ocena
odechciewa brak
idzie na
okolo podsumowujac
bo jeszcze
na odrobce
szanse na
niego uciekal
powszechna ps
eklektycznym
wykladzie
terminie egzaminu
elektryczny twisted
wydaje sie
czyli malo
wiec lepiej
zaliczaja
tym czlowieku
dla niektorych
za caloksztalt
recznych
jesli nie
juz wspominalem
trzeba sie
tylko smieszyla
niczego sie
niektorych zadan
gwintem nalezy
kolokwium na
drugiej stronie
na zadana
nauczania
porozumiec
jeszcze
podstawowym kiedy
na nieo
trzeba chodzic
elektrycznym
smieje dst
nijak maja
sa tragicznie
regulki ksiazek
znaja
lub wywoluje
bez przewry
jak zrobili
robi zmienia
wyslac na
programowania nie
po drugiej
ocenic skomplikowana
naprawde nie
kolo nie
jak nie
gosciu daje
wykladu pare
konsultacje to
ta prze
na egzaminach
uproszczenia
nich kieruje
przerwy to
zdenerwowal jakies
czyli ulubione
rzeczy
trzeba usilnie
widzi nawet
wszystko
podobnej
kartkowki ale
ksiezyc
przeciwnym
cokolwiek
sluchac tylko
inny zaliczylo
zjeciach
powiem ze
weglinski da
unikac wyrywaj
potwierdzna
zasnac laborki
strasznie
czy potrafi
czleka
na ekranie
domu ogolnie
pkt czyli
niebardzo podstawa
wlasnie na
cie obleje
za poprawnie
niewyraznie
jest kartkowka
prowadzi ma
wyklady cwiczen
prowadzic
kolokwiami wiec
podsumowujac
dziwi sie
rozowo
studentow nie
zabraknie
bo sprawdzal
marnego zaliczenia
calkowicie
zajeciach mimo
kartkowek oraz
kto pierwszy
jak najdalej
kto rutkowska
beaty radojewskiej
analiza matematyczna
techniki komputerowe
przez
unikac uciekac
spowodowana jest
nieeeeeeee podstawa
obowiazuje
moze podyktowac
zeswirowac
kieruje
takowe mozesh
poprawia srednio
nie mozna
humoruzy ogolne
przyspieszony
szkodnik
niesprawiedliwy
czyta
to prawdziwy
uwaza sie
maszyna liczaca
miare szybko
sprawdzajace
oceniania poniewaz
smierci na
niej na
moja rada
zadane przez
czesto ma
inaczej
kartkowki
jerzy bajorek
potrafi dodatkowo
zadania po
zera zalicza
zyczyc
poprawki
elektrycznym air
zjecia trzeba
wytlumaczyc
tolerancji bicia
tak nie
nad zadaniem
kola nie
nie daruje
prezentacji powerpointa
potocznie
kolokwia na
dlaczego bardzo
zadaniu na
podpadaj mu
pocwiczyc
pielgrzymke
wytumaczyc
ksiazce nic
sie jej
bawic tak
kosmiczne
skomplikowana
ludzkie
istna rzez
mieli pojecia
chaotyczna
wygimnastykowac pani
uklada zadania
radze trzymac
ponoc porzadku
chodzic do
przyklad
wiedze miec
juz trzeba
wszelka
jakiejs godzince
niektorzy
nie widzi
czyli skala
zaliczajace
slajdow sruby
straszne nudy
przerwac
tego czleka
malo czasu
dzieki
rysowane wkrecajac
inne zdanie
powolanie do
zapisywaniem
ciezko
jest wyklad
wychodzi rund
co cwiczenia
rozwiazane
moga przystapic
bezposrednio
wyskoko sie
wkrecajac srube
wiemy jak
szkoda
niektorych jesli
decydowala rowniez
mozecie mialem
matematyczna
ich skrypcie
wprowadzenie do
wstawia ocen
jest grozny
umie rozwiazac
kto zle
bezstresowo go
zaliczyl ale
prowadzony bez
niskich lak
koniec ta
wlasciwie
ze osoby
sie za
przystapic
wypowiedzi
jesliktos na
zagadnieniami sposob
omijac tak
ze skryptu
jest porownywalny
nie powiedzial
zarzadzania
prawdopodobnie jestes
na koncu
jakos je
zaliczeni
dobrze reszty
tych zajec
przerwy
tdzien pisac
komplikuje
jedynie ze
osobowosc ocena
cwiczenia
na poprawke
unikac za
zwiazku tym
dlaczego
wykrelscie te
juz tylko
osobnika laborki
konsultacje co
porozmawiasz bo
prowadzi laborki
rysuje sie
miec powolanie
tych rzeczy
zajeciach
jak ktos
niego smieja
zechce powec
do informatyki
byl jeszcze
rysunki na
czasem
ma wlasnie
od niego
dlugopisem trzeba
wytlumaczy bo
ze zasady
tematyke ogolnie
matematyczna ii
naciaga punktow
zalicze
dr konsultacje
szybko
czesto prof
zdanie uwazam
zdecydowanie by
zadanie jak
ja nie
kole bedziesz
kolokwiach na
zwiazku
egzaminu ilosc
nei ucza
ustnym egzaminie
ale zadko
osob przepuscil
juz dawno
gubi przy
kolach moze
niektrorych studentow
naprawde jest
ze analize
lepsi od
miernictwo elektroniczne
chodzic jesli
zaliczenia laborek
spaczenia dostal
uwazam ze
gorniaka nie
caloksztalt nie
na lepsza
wrecz chamska
niego zaliczaja
wtedy zdalo
koncu wyniku
ta niechec
siadasz jesli
wyklad multimedialne
sie zadanie
cos wartosciowego
prowadzacych
pucharowym rysunkow
uwage obecnosci
da za
mialem nie
porzadku
plotkuje
robi kartkowki
wiecej niz
absurdalny czy
bladzi zadaniach
poprostu idzie
sa wymyslne
zadania sa
kolokwia grupami
odradzam
jak sie
ceni poniewaz
motywacja
zbytnio dogadac
unikajcie
podyktowac
zaliczyl
utwierdzily mnie
przy tym
tablica daje
wszyscy
sprawa sie
wzgledem
prowadzaca
nie zasnela
testy sprawdzajace
zostaje
twoje szanse
sa wstanie
obgaduje
wiec dobiegach
pojawic
wiedzial
skryptu lecz
co czego
za dobrze
ze studentem
juz po
wychodzilem
na godzine
wydziale
zaliczeniem
jednego fraktalach
tlumaczyc
ludziom
jak zly
chyba niskich
jak ognia
na nie
wyklady nudne
sposobem oblewa
jak juz
wielokrotnego wyboru
nas zrobil
wie swoje
sie swoja
wykladac
wnioski ale
podobie nei
ucza sie
nic wiecej
kochasz chemie
zadamoe nic
godzine przed
tak prosto
ulamki roznych
konsultacje
juszkiewicz
zaliczysz
znadnym
roznych
znanym
jest jak
zawrotna
niezla
na tej
najgorszy
niej niewiele
inz fizyka
nadaje sie
wyjatkim jednego
doczepic dac
nie motywuje
wyklady sa
przewry to
nie obleje
te pierwsze
przepros
na dodatek
bez problemow
srednim wysokim
tym przekonaniu
sie klucic
ogolnie nie
oplaca sie
mi za
jest rowniez
chociaz wydaje
pozostali
sie egzaminem
pozaostaje
policzkach
uzbierac pkt
jak pierwsze
domu ogolny
przekonaniu
wychodzi
zadko cos
mi przykry
wyklady prowadzone
sensu niczego
indeksow nie
prawdziwy
podstawa oceny
przykry
dodatkowo jego
moze nie
obleje jezeli
je kilka
niego jak
tak nudno
przerabia
pacjent stanie
rzez
genialnie ludzi
na jak
ale zaliczeniem
glowe wlazl
sie posmiac
jest milutki
czasu
bo slyszal
zawsze
stosunkowo malo
ciekawie
kosmosu ja
maja szans
tragiczny usypiac
proste ze
tablice wiec
zadnuch
dla frekfencji
wiecej punktow
dodatkowe
masz jeszcze
uczyc
dosc dobrze
egzamin zalezy
ppt wyklady
na ktorym
nich dlugopisem
kartkowek
stanie krystycznym
wyobrazac sobie
nie wyszlo
lukiem jak
to grozi
na ustnym
cwiczeniach myslal
zadania ktore
doczepic
egzamie ale
godziny nie
organiczna
do czegos
chodzic bo
mialem konkretne
pochrzakiwanie
tutaj juz
prezentacje pisane
masakra zawsze
ale czasami
ktore nijak
absolutnie nie
polowy studentow
szkoda ten
pytania kosmosu
czesto
zeby jakos
wytlumaczy
zaliczac
porozmawiasz
ustala gdzie
kurs analiza
kolach na
na wqrwialem
nie podpadaj
prezentacje
nie zapyta
ok kartkowek
bardzo niemila
nastepnym roku
wzielo
czyli
zdenerwowal troche
drugim kolokwium
panu nie
miec wiedze
skrawek kartki
unikac jak
smieje
radojewskiej url
szczerze
zaliczylem robilem
cwiczenia ocena
szanse spadaja
nikt nie
smieszyla
jest wielu
wyswietlaniu
dobrze zeby
jan juszkiewicz
lubi jak
doprowadza do
poczucia
nie zaliczysz
rada nie
indeksow godziny
temu postowi
trzymac
tydzien nudny
jesli bedziesh
nazwisk
grubym olowkiem
wykladowcy robia
bez sensu
tydzien jakies
chodzi
posmiac przeciwnym
sprawdzal to
sposobu jaki
wyklad mnie
zdenerwowal
zaliczyly
nie wstawia
diagnoza pacjent
przewry
na dobicie
wiem skad
drugiej gabka
dodatek wogole
nauki modl
wywoluje
masz umiec
niewielkie
rutkowska
nudne ze
tylko jesli
kurs podstawy
ani nie
na stareotypach
dosc duzo
wejsciem
niesprawiedliwy system
wykladu to
do poczucia
glowie oblicza
nie unikniesz
bolu wyklad
osobista sprawa
szerokim lukiem
punktow nie
najwiecej
zedytowalam
dodam ze
wyszlo
uczy jednak
poprawke ta
spojrzy
bo straszy
skonczy
chodzilam
tragicznie
minusa siadasz
sie chodzic
chaotyczny
pierwszy
masakra zadania
zadania kartki
jest na
koles tragiczny
smieja
kolokwiow ciagle
wyniki kolokwiow
sluze pomoca
zadnych
cwiczeniach
chemie organiczna
kolo wpisow
opowiesci
biednych studentow
odechciewa
ma cwiczen
tak szerokim
sprawdzal
bedziesz juz
ale za
popieprzona analize
sie wyniki
czego
polecenia jedynie
czasami
pojecie
napisze
szanuj
na zadane
jesli mozesz
meczy biednych
wyciaga srednia
tych kartkowek
zachacza
nie zamierza
wyniku zamiast
siedzisz
zaliczylem
zwrotami
symetri za
matematyczny
zechce
jezeli chodzi
wykopala mnie
straszne
za proste
jazde chcial
skomplikowane
szance na
prze
sie jak
niefajne
czekalo
jak inni
je okazywal
jesli ktos
chociaz troszke
powszechna
gosciu ma
rysoowanie sruby
naprawde bardzo
wykladach
od nowa
juz wtedy
koncu jest
troche ludzi
jakim jezyku
zrobic musialyby
jesli chcesz
etc sprawdza
odbywalo sie
mnie kolach
reszty zadan
obnizy ocene
kartkowka
problem zaliczeniem
domu oddaje
nad analna
byly czesciowo
na drugim
liczaca
wiedzy
jednej rece
wtedy wiecej
balagan jednej
tych ktorzy
potem wyciaga
graficzny
tak sie
zanim sie
na jedynie
analiza wyklad
slajdow
fraktalach wyklad
jest latwo
na niego
egzamie
prawdziwy model
miernikow
dziwie
tylko dopiero
ktore zdaly
tablicy bladzi
miernictwo
arytmetyczna
latwych nie
wydzial
wnioski
nijak
radojewska
co tydzien
ze ma
nawet proste
nalezy narysowac
dni sesji
ktorym trudno
porownania na
na laborka
kurs powtorowy
angielskiego nie
trzeba oddac
zastanowilem
twarz jesli
powinno sie
przy
wytrwalosci
mozliwe
oznacza
edukacyjny
przed
informatyki
na laborkach
jak masz
fotomontazem ale
brak podobno
tylko pani
juz minu
nie wnikac
klucic bo
calkowice
ludzi
elektroniczne
analiza wyklady
ma doktora
powiem
wydzial ppt
wydziera
normalne godziny
marze po
stad czesto
swoj swiat
bardzo na
laborki ocena
egzaminie
poza tym
kolokwiach
na postawie
rysuje
uciekac
zaliczenia
ale zadania
zadaniem to
zeby nie
nic nie
potem pyta
po nich
jak do
naleza na
nie opinia
ma ogolne
ktore powinny
stronie ksiazce
dzwonic do
bardzo wyskoko
ja panem
prof weglinskiego
glosu bez
zniechecil
ii radze
zalicza
tych kolokwiow
tragiczny
ponad indeksow
raz robilismy
malo nie
wogole nie
laborkach moze
pana sluze
wykrelscie
wie po
zjecia
juz mu
obleje
jest tak
lepsza ocene
studentow po
to wyslal
rownania nie
sie nieco
warto chodzic
wemif wyklad
umiesz pani
jesli sie
mielismy godziny
zadaje programy
kolokwium ktore
tlumaczy ale
zmienia tresc
pol punkta
kompetnie
to zrobic
samozapracia
czym
ja cie
bedziesh mial
dodatkowo
cos wiecej
wykladu
wazna
cwiczen wymaga
punkty ujemne
zadko
niezle
czy
jedyne zl
stopien trudnosci
godziny cwiczen
nudny na
unikac na
napluc twarz
napracowac porownaniu
wielokrotnego
wykladowca
aktywny kochasz
byla moja
co chodzi
jesli tyklo
trzeba bylo
jakies rozszerzone
na panow
wprowadzenie
pkt za
kto tak
jaki sie
chodzic
osoby na
ksiazce
prof powtarza
zawiera
za grubym
nie wyobrazac
trudnosci
dobiegach nie
kolokwium
glownie fotomontazem
krotko
konkretow
ale jakos
stoi zegarkiem
drewna po
jednej
zaliczen
ci nie
najdalej
to pierwsze
jej grupy
prowadzacym
za stracony
zajec do
wartosciowego
na glupie
kolokwia sa
wysokim stopniu
szalu
podpadaj
znerwiony
wielki
by zaliczyl
kartke trzeba
podstawa
dowod sobisty
robi zadanie
zajec absurdalny
mowi jednym
punktow niz
gosciem
swoja
uciekac to
za duzo
milutki potrafi
sposob oceniania
prowadzi
powtarzanie
algebrze jest
zajecia algebry
jesliktos
banalne zadania
wole nie
ta nie
bladzi
stanowczo
jest ntomiast
typu podaj
zadaniami ze
drugim twoje
kazimierz
weglinski
zadaniem
ludzi no
rozszerzone
dr radojewska
komputerowe
ktorzy
httpwwwntifpwrwrocplkwazardefaulthtm portalik
jak ma
sie rysunki
cwiczen drugie
pani trafisz
jej
scierac dla
troszke
trzeba duzo
te prezentacje
endeeste omijac
aaa niego
bylo dobrze
by pocwiczyc
twisted zdecydowanie
sie tylko
nim nie
srodki
trudno jest
nie wie
kolokwia
ze sa
dziwne
poprawia
mnie na
ocene czego
inny wazna
wiedze
podobal wyklady
pokazywal jak
na analize
albo nie
kazdy
bardzo dobrze
koniec
wysminiecie
dobra rada
dla porownania
luz wtedy
lawce niego
grupami srednim
osobom ktore
zajecia
to jak
sie juz
nieziemski
zerowe
na dobra
tak potrafi
zamiast godziny
to unikaj
ocena lepiej
sporo nauki
kurs angielski
sobote od
na tablice
zdobyc
krotko pan
wemif na
musi napluc
zasnac
nazwisk etc
godny polecenia
relacje
osobnika
ta dostala
wydziale is
co komu
postowi
studentow uwala
na emeryturze
osobowosc
powtarza
do tej
jest moze
zrobili smy
nim zamiast
nudny pokaz
nie maja
kolokwiahc bo
mozna
olowkiem
duzo na
wielki blad
wielki problem
poza
jedynie osobom
srube drewniany
sluchac
daruje
zdanie
sprawdza bo
dostaje
powolanie
niego nie
tak trwal
jak to
jest sposob
tlumaczy
jakos udalo
babka absolutnie
lipa ja
zdobyc punkty
ze tego
samym koncu
laborek jest
chyba ze
wyklady wogole
chyba sobie
sposob bycia
na algebrze
to prawdopodobnie
pojecia
ma dobrze
mu nie
smy powtarzanie
polecam zadania
czegos
dzwonic
pisac jakies
widzi
jakbym napisal
wielu innych
obnizy
uwaza ze
chcesz
mialo problemy
bedzie
wyslal mnie
patrzy
mozesh bedziesh
skryptem na
zrobic
ksiazek
kilka rysunkow
zdalo ok
polowy
lubi sie
kursui fotogrametria
jest juz
sie nie
nie olewaj
takie dwa
przepuscil
wykladowcy
bylo juz
zdania
prowadzacy
zamierza tym
kartki potrafil
prawdopodobnie
okolo unikac
lektorat jaki
kilka osob
co mierniki
co ekonomia
malcher kazimierz
gosc na
moze ja
powinny sie
panie endeeste
analize zalicze
prowadzacym co
bawil sie
sie dodaje
na tablicy
terminie jesli
samemu lubia
zrobili
teraz nim
nie pamietam
nie wiem
trzeba robic
zmienia
uciekal
po samym
wkurza
sie ze
da minusa
wydaje
opiera sie
zajec
niesamowice
sprawdza
odrazu kaze
inny uklada
humor jak
roku poza
zdalo
ogolnie okolo
wrecz
godzin ciagu
zanotowac
kolokwiahc
potrafi genialnie
poniewaz
pospisz
zadanie tym
zasady sa
obecnosci
lukiem rok
nudny nie
zapyta
opinia na
pani doktor
jak
ujemne
siakos tak
trudne jak
gdyz pytanai
mowi doslownie
weglinskiego
pana jak
zegarkiem
lzami
mozliwe no
pamietam zeby
kole jesli
rutkowska co
ktorego moga
lak na
sesji zeby
na temat
zadania robi
nie nadaje
zrobic to
zdaly kolach
laborki istna
swoje tyle
cie bie
co miernictwo
ktos robi
trudne chodz
nigdy nie
podstawie
laborki mowie
ogolnie ma
sa takie
punkt za
porownywalny zadaniami
jazde
sie godziny
wiec
to nie
nudno bo
ktorych stopien
mierniki
diagnoza
smy zadania
jest bardzo
spaczenia
kolokwiow
sprawa
co sie
zalicze system
wielu
angielski ocena
zadaniach generalnie
prokurator na
jak nawet
studenci
zaliczeniem problemow
robi sie
bywaja takie
za to
slyszal
zeby zalic
zrobilam
sobie musi
uzbierac
oblicza
rysunki
godziny bez
maja sie
chyba niebardzo
zbytnio
kurs jak
takowe
tlumaczenia
zly to
slyszal em
wyniosla tych
bylo tak
bo patrzy
zeby miec
bryja jest
do zera
janicka kurs
niskich
sa zasadami
ostatnie
sie na
nim analize
odpowiada
dla niego
tego osobnika
ale trzeba
iv dla
do egzaminu
tym nie
zadaniu
niektorych
problemy osobiscie
prowadzony
ii wyklad
jesli masz
ktorych chyba
bajorek dr
nie trafialy
dodaje
ale napisze
spotykac
zadanie albo
stosunkowo
lecz
modl sie
ogolnie lipa
cale zajecia
bierze
lawka oraz
zadaje
dla osob
motywuje ten
bedziesz
wyjatkim
wyskoko
ona wie
jest trudne
cwiczen nim
uznaje
obecnosc
frekfencji
zadaz
tej pani
oddac zanim
na studentow
niczego
wygimnastykowac
glupie gadanie
swoje
jedynie tylko
sposob nudny
skreslil listy
koszmar tyle
jezdzil
niemila dla
dr smieje
robi na
potrafi jest
gdzie
testow ktorych
tlumnaczyl
nie naciaga
szerokim
masz szans
doprowadza
regulki
niebardzo mu
lepsza
mija minut
dogadac ona
egzaminem
bedziesh pisal
jedna tych
multimedialne techniki
jerzy
kolach sa
nie masz
ocenianiem to
podobno
ilosc osob
mowi ze
szeloch kurs
olewaj
zadania
tylko na
ktore robi
programowania bo
niektrorych
caly lektorat
prawdopodobnie by
fizyka
dziwi
chodz
na grupy
lepiej
stwarza
es na
marek okreslil
ktore jest
niektorymi
mozecie
pisal takowe
ze
je
janicka
istotne dla
na samym
fotogrametria na
konkretow co
grozny
jestes facetem
czeeee
za darmo
nie umiesz
zadania chyba
liniowa na
losowo dowodami
robic uwazam
niego pytania
post prawdopodobnie
straszy
na glowe
do na
na sporo
jest wyscig
bawic
minut nie
osiowego nikt
cwiczenia co
wiem
stycznosc facet
ale nieee
malo kto
dopiero na
mowi tak
tolerancji
na na
ale nie
pisak
osob ktore
nie spotykac
jakiejs
wyklady
jakos
to na
udalo sie
tydzien
skrawek
grozi
ma trudny
lekko
postowi ale
cale zadanie
ci na
zagadnieniami
kiedy
jes jakas
posta twisted
tdzien
spowodowana
moze tak
bajorek
wlasnie
jego sposob
no moze
wkrecajac
klucic
bo uwaza
kurs ocena
obecnosc byc
jaki robi
potrafi sie
uwala duzo
gosciu
zlecania zadan
zajecia pod
zapis
sie scierac
bylo nawet
egzaminu to
jednak
za
poprawke
bardzo osobista
wqrwialem
zadanie
jest chyba
jest jego
nie oplaca
caloksztalt
sposobem
kto ma
spotykac go
obecnosc lub
kursy ktore
do konca
ze to
kolegow
wstawia
mowi jest
do kola
nie umie
niej robic
motywuje
sa typu
sie naprawde
wie co
lub egzaminu
wiecej
poprostu ideal
dla studentow
kochasz
jednym tonem
mnie jego
studentow twisted
osoba gdyz
polecam stracielem
em ze
lub na
tez cio
skala pkt
mialem nim
osob na
to bierze
chyba wogole
powtorowy
poprostu
zalezy
zadania co
dobrze
wyrywaj
da sie
bo nie
nawet jak
koszmar
od tego
problemow pokazywal
ja grala
tutaj
ciagu zajec
pokaz
ogolnie gdy
mowi indywidualna
daje
budownictwa mial
nie warto
niej
do nich
stracielem
prowadzenia
polega na
temat angielskiego
wymyslne
niby kurs
wlazl
szanse
nie miec
mozesz
kiedy to
jest masakra
nie nie
zadan niego
to oznacza
po dwa
dalej jest
bo marze
nie wyniosla
tym sposobem
ale ja
nie mialam
porownaniu do
bo sie
sobie ile
nie umiala
tak ta
ja
frekfencji test
drugiej
majace niego
co tdzien
ktos ma
uwazam
laborki
zasnela
moze ta
jak trafil
bierze pod
pt kalk
punkty przy
sie domu
masz dosc
unikaj go
rada unikac
ma swoj
ma sie
oddaje
wstanie
zadaniach
doktor dosc
gdybym takim
zadania byly
ci moze
tragedia student
iii terminie
nigdy sie
sposobu
dodatek
rysoowanie
wqrwialem to
zlecania
em raz
osob kolach
osie symetri
po ii
radze
wyklad
bo kto
rece pisak
wart sie
sie ceni
msci ogolnie
jaki miala
ugody na
ideal nie
jakbym
jesli jestes
nie daje
miala nim
ale ocenianiem
otwor gwintem
studentem jes
on sprawdza
algebrze
mi sie
ii tylko
nie lubi
juz
chyba niego
mieli jesli
laborka
jak by
nudno
pomoca jesli
jest panie
oceny indeksie
starac powiem
analiza na
raz to
bylo cie
cw na
albo punktow
zadamoe
unikniesz
dowodami na
ale tak
podaj
idzesz by
widac dupie
razie
wysokim
duzo osob
sie nia
ocene ogolnie
tonem glosu
odrazu
bardzo mi
sie daleka
osobiscie
indeksy po
pucharowym
go na
fotomontazem
one na
mial teraz
zly
studenta
studentow
masz szance
szans
zadanie to
tlumnaczyl ale
moze juz
tak
miernik
dobicie sam
idzesz
internetowa na
maszyna
mianownikach bawil
bedziesh
brak ja
redajca dr
robilem kurs
nadaje
tych nudach
liczb
ale na
ulamki
kolach
trafialy do
min stoi
podstawy
zalic
lubia sie
dwa kursy
zamierza
ta jest
malych liczb
wyklad co
do studenta
tej
angielski
nastepnym
kartki
egzaminach
cwiczen
sie jedna
to tylko
nie wiadomo
prowadzone jest
rok budownictwa
skrypcie
drugie kolo
zdaly
ze spac
na tresci
szeloch
srednia
to masz
wyslac
ktos chce
akademii
dostawales grupe
ma bardzo
biednych
to trzeba
mozesz to
srednio osoba
ma problemy
olalam gorniaka
wyklady byly
material jaki
jozef
osob losowo
ii terminie
bicia osiowego
podstawowym
szans evil
samozapracia by
to jednym
doktora chyba
typa na
meczy
osob dla
na min
jednym
dlugopisem
srednio razy
nie potrafi
ocenianiem
scierac
pana juz
rekorodowo to
to normalne
niby da
pogadac
to tez
ekranie
niewiele
opinia ta
nie po
masz malo
bo zeby
balbalbal poprostu
btw nie
zasady
programowaniu
egzaminu
ma inne
jest systemem
informatyka
to dostawales
nei
angielskiego
trzeba
tym historia
za cale
systemem pucharowym
chcial dac
byl ja
jozef dr
wyslal
sluze
drewniany otwor
jan miernik
sa trudne
maja tyly
sie gubi
nim pakiety
co masz
doktora
wykopala
momentu bylo
studentem
na terminie
humoru sie
koncu
no lekko
tablicy nas
to mielismy
drewna
nie jest
problemow
na ii
spac nawet
choc bywaja
naprawde
pare osob
konca
do typa
popieprzona
trafisz
bryja
to juz
mija
ktorych
konkretne
cwiczen heh
niego jesli
ktore sa
jezeli
moja
kwazar pod
wyobrazac
napluc
mimo iz
smierci
zrobil chyba
yellow zedytowalam
drugim kole
kolokwiami
jednego
ciagu dni
unikaj
to napisac
jakas
trudno
postawie
pod redajca
grupe potrafi
idzie
uczy
ulubione slowa
ktos lubi
zanim
oddal dodam
laborek
heh trzeba
zadana
air kolokwia
po
dostala miare
prowadzone formie
irence znanym
sa lepsi
to takie
niechec
zle
ja by
trafil sie
nie mieli
bylo kartke
kontakt
grpa smierci
bez
stoi
sam ustala
osobisce
zero tragedia
trudne materialy
lawka
naciaga
chyba ok
pkt tego
sie temu
programy ktore
pani ta
utwierdzily
redajca
napracowac
jego slowa
polecenia
grala chyb
malo istotne
osob masz
linike nie
system oceniania
sie programowac
sobisty drpa
rowniez
ekonomia
reszty
tresc zadan
prosto
polecam siakos
jakies tego
posta
podobie
dawno powinnien
rekorodowo
ogolnie
niego trafi
nim bawic
darmo chcialam
kwazar
milutki
porownywalny
swoj
cos podobie
spadaja
tematyke
httpwwwntifpwrwrocplkwazardefaulthtm
dac kolo
kto inny
ale kiedy
glupie
co tyg
was nie
do bani
oplaca
do indeksow
zeby to
go jak
pacjent
robia po
napisac strone
pana na
predkoscia
mieli smy
osiowego
to ktos
bie tez
go sluchac
wie
do ktorego
do domu
kolo
nudach
to bylo
miare luz
programowania
narysowac
to raz
ze co
bo na
mi prokurator
na tych
lektorat
sie miala
unikiac
osoby ktore
sie pani
nie do
dawniej
ma wybor
raz
pani na
zasadami
niego jedyne
smiac sie
siadasz
losowo
cada jezeli
robilismy
choc na
algebra liniowa
zera
to byla
trafialy
lukiem
wnikac
go omijac
ktore nigdy
byl juz
powinnien
tyle nie
skala
rowniez tym
slowa gdy
kto dr
oceniania albo
dostala
srednio
moze mila
wg pani
sie te
ocena srednia
latwo bo
kilka
slowa
drpa jesli
poniza
niz
dobicie
historia zlecania
lak
srednim
jesli
balagan jaki
kursy
prokurator
hardcore na
mielismy
siakos
ciagow
sie mocno
sie bawimy
super aktywny
takim byl
daleka
mieli
kola lub
komu
ma ich
proste
laborkach
na ale
egzamin
tez
multimedialne
ocena unikac
humoruzy
pokazywal
twoje
infe lub
sie testem
bo pani
wpisow
powec cos
mialam to
odbywalo
np rysoowanie
dowod
aktywny
porownaniu
swoj skrypt
robic od
zrobil
umiec
ale bierze
swiat
co robi
niebardzo
wymaga
nie da
nie powinno
powie
powerpointa te
na iii
wpisow do
jaki
nie powie
zeby
nie naleza
tym ze
niz raz
co tym
pytanai sa
tego tematu
doslownie
programowac bo
malo pkt
ognia pani
ale naprawde
tyly programowania
powinno
bawimy
endeeste
ucza
od
posmiac
tylko
rysunkow
sobie
to dla
wyniosla
odpytke
pytania banalne
kosmosu
nalezy
nich
zamiast
bylo trudne
bawimy glownie
chcialam
nie sa
jedynie
co
panem jesli
nauki
tym panem
twarz
skad ten
nic tych
pod tablica
niego bardzo
powinnien byc
doktor ma
linika linike
polecam jest
kalk
usilnie sie
do mnie
takim
jakim
godziny
techniki
ocena ogolna
wyniki
wspominalem
okreslil
trudny
nowa
punkta
kto
nowa twisted
osie
to mironem
kursui
dowodami
latwo
widac
niego cenne
choc pkt
chyba
test na
podstaw
mierna
to co
on naprawde
do bolu
napisac
tragedia
nawet tych
oblewa okolo
ok osob
nie chcialo
cenne godzin
ta ta
pamietam
musze
dst unikac
sesji
problemy
emeryturze
chce miare
jestes
chcialo mi
nie podobalo
na doc
ocen brak
zamiast byl
nudy malo
uklada
duzo mowic
godzin
lepsi
genialnie
stopniu
na to
wyniku
ktora
ceni
ktorym
to moze
warto
mowie tu
skreslil
nieee no
sruby bez
ktorego
nikt
olalam
sam nie
porownania
oceniania
cale godziny
pan jest
okazywal
postawie testow
sie tego
ktos inny
pan doktor
sie nim
umiesz
potrafi dodac
luz
zadan udalo
rada jesli
pisane sa
indeksie
rok
dopiero
nudne
programowaniu program
innym jest
cio
wtedy
gadanie
do latwych
cene mowi
fraktalach
da
glowie
to bardzo
nudny
ta pania
wymaga by
potrafi
bywaja
powinny
bo mowi
co do
skad
pan srednio
nie ma
sie mowi
inz co
opiera
takie
nas
oraz
poprawnie
srednio podobal
sa punkty
skrypt na
duzo
sie starac
sa to
co smiac
oceny
nia
jedna
tego momentu
ogolny
gdyz
absolutnie
tresci
dobiegach
grala
sposob
pisac
pani irence
cie
pania
dobra ocene
no poprostu
twisted jezeli
jestes super
stareotypach
ocen tych
jet bardzo
nim kurs
jego ciagle
isc na
te proste
wyciaga
chamska
algebry to
ma dobry
nieo
babka
gwintem
tematu
mowic
pani dr
drewniany
linika
mozesh
da bo
dawniej byly
majace
sporo
kalkulator
wiemy
evil jakbym
godzine
dorwe tego
mialem
to masakra
skrypt linika
glosu
osoby
kalkulator wink
wemif
potem
cw
tu
niego infe
osobom
punktow
analna to
trafi to
polega
ciagu
nigdy
godzince
ktore
ma ugody
gabka
naleza
oblewa
tym doktor
pani
sobisty
jan
mialam
decydowala
ogolna
zadaniami
robi
panow
analiza
marze
bardzo
dwoch malych
jedyne
wogole mowi
grupami
dac punkt
oj
zadan glowie
to sobote
nic
kartke
osobista
podobalo mi
osob mialo
stronie
zadan
dogadac
inne
zadane
uwala
sie msci
maja
model na
panow to
byc na
uwaza
rownania
tez hehe
niby
indywidualna
na byl
tyklo
trafi
indeksow
dostal
dobra
trudne
masz
gwinty balbalbal
kole to
ogolny chaos
nad
umiala go
bo
glowe
ponad
wiadomo
analize ii
do tych
dupie ma
dodam
opinia
iz
powec
caly
to jest
ocenic
inz
normalne
algebry
odrobce
ogolna pan
niemila
chyb ltraf
bawil
bylo mam
omijac
az
az do
jego
do tylu
momentu
samo
starac zeby
szance
prowadzone
jakies
doc
facetem to
trudne ale
zadan innym
trudne choc
pkt to
kola
byc moze
kole
bo to
kurs material
pakiety
pana po
terminie
sie to
takie to
zl
mianownikach
nudy
absurdalny
stopien
maria szeloch
to jego
doktor
bani
student
pani ci
ogolne
pania balagan
liliana janicka
miernik co
nieee
napisal
dostawales
gwinty
ponoc
sama forma
post
mowiac nic
ci
dostal em
kartke ale
iii
osoby majace
ma
chyb
gdybym
indeksy
pomoca
minu
ilosc
fotogrametria
pytania
pana to
terminach prof
gadanie godny
ulubione
mrgreen latwo
ktorego on
url httpwwwntifpwrwrocplkwazardefaulthtm
robic
ognia
glownie
mnie to
mironem
gdy ktos
laborkach co
cene jesli
albo albo
kaze
by skreslil
dawno
budownictwa
bo jest
tego panu
dodac
koles
srednia url
na
chemie
kaze isc
ile robi
ale sama
ocena mierna
to malo
te chociaz
on nigdy
lawce
spac
ustala
banalne
rund
unikac
oddal
mu
facet potrafi
nie bylo
pan marek
no chyba
po co
dla marnego
nawet
po min
chcialo
wybor bo
punkt
istotne
ma mowy
nie
polecam bo
mowiac
to da
stracony nudny
problem
trwal
mowie
gorniaka
em bo
infe
chcial
tablica
to mowi
system srednio
niego
programowac
dr inz
do tego
lubia
udalo
osoba
sama
ktos
terminie to
formie
drugie
osob
dlatego chyba
dorwe
roku
cos
ponadto
co by
oddac
musialyby
bolu
temat
mial
ocena to
skryptu
panie
panu
temu
by od
skryptem
dal mi
marnego
oraz grpa
inni
moga
blad
latwe ale
wyboru
sie do
mimo
materialy
drugim
bicia
rada
panem
trudny system
moze
usypiac malo
ten post
mocno
modl
na co
pyta cale
wg
mnie
chaos balagan
pod uwage
blad olalam
tego pana
miec tym
rysowane
mnie tym
oto
beata
em az
ani
pol
stanie
co one
by wtedy
tyg jest
pyta
dosc
byly ponoc
analna
samo inny
nie oddal
robilem
nie polecam
udalo mi
wiadomo co
planow
ma to
umiala
dupie
tylu
teraz
wogole
jest
okolo
troche
sruby gwinty
mowy
marek to
sie ten
programy
chce
is sposob
wink lubi
pytanai
analize niby
unikac tego
mowi
dr
gosc
otwor
innym
by duzo
test pytania
punkty
pana
by
idealnie
darmo
tablicy wink
to samo
robia
polecam mi
mi choc
osob byl
totalna
miala
lub cos
dwoch
ii
facetem
latwe
dobry
lubi hardcore
bylo
do
nic tym
ustnym
sie
by to
tablice
bo tym
pkt
trafil
algebra
pare
do innych
byla
humoru to
srube
listy
sie on
marek
cada
grup
lubi
nim
kurs
mam
analize
cyt
istna
tych
iv
chociaz
typa
linike
doktor jet
dodac dwoch
tyle razy
wyscig
testow
dalej
miec
samym
sobote
ppt
wart
doc ma
ps
dni
te
nie wart
ciagle robi
dobry humor
wybor
grupy
wole
portalik
tablicy
domu
program pt
twisted gdybym
to by
typu
innych
on skryptem
material
musi
dla
albo
stracony
usypiac
lipa
prof
hardcore
es
jest on
to to
tego
choc
jes
balbalbal
polecam go
mialo
umie
pisane
masakra
podobalo
to do
polecam
to
dr jest
uwage
to lub
grubym
go
tonem
mam ale
potrafil
chaos
ta
trwal em
program
analize evil
grupe
lat
wogole ale
sali
ocena
ok
dr maria
latwych
dac
lub
myslal em
bie
systemem
usilnie
tresc
malo
testem
humoru
skrypt sam
pan to
generalnie nie
balagan
aaa
polecam co
ntomiast
terminach
tyle
by mi
tablicy ale
cenne
ona
dwa
dlatego
min polecam
godny
internetowa
brak
symetri
malych
koles do
lat ale
bycia chociaz
podobal
is
razy co
powerpointa
myslal
url sa
wink
pisal
test
to ci
smiac
razy bo
samemu
nieeeeeeee
rece
no ale
no
pod
dst
starac
to caly
ugody
inni ale
byc
liniowa
twisted color
sa
jet
ich
ltraf
cale
forma
color
byly latwe
napisal co
strone internetowa
byly
mysle to
smy
sam robi
jest test
humor
mu on
nieco
sensu
yellow
testy
maria
ideal
mila
dr beaty
gubi
np
twisted
pt
gdy
beaty
ciagle
tyg
was
em
nawet was
generalnie koles
to pan
sruby
ocen
by byc
tego co
tym
takie testy
razy
minusa
mi
byl
model
pan
cene
ale
idealnie mrgreen
byl em
btw
mila ale
dr liliana
super
ten pan
min
tyly
hehe no
malcher
historia
inny
liliana
mrgreen
skrypt
bycia
em do
facet
byly zero
hehe
sam
dal
msci
grpa
by dal
system
drpa
evil color
evil
minut
on
heh
color yellow
etc
stad
ten
url
air
by byl
byl dal
ocene
irence
miare
strone