napracowac porownaniu
wytrwalosci zaliczyc
wysmienicie przygotowujacych
uzyczyc wytrwalosci
ktore zaliczyly
mocno nagimnastykowac
podsumowujac jesli
ciagle pochrzakiwanie
cwiczeniach zawrotna
prowadzacy utwierdzily
zaliczyly wiekszosc
mozna przerywac
zniechecil niektorych
zaliczeniem problemow
beznadziejne zdawalnosc
niefajne zniechecil
porownywalny zadaniami
zaliczeniem dosc
zaliczylem robilem
czesciowo poprzednich
cwiczeniach myslal
chociaz troszke
jest porownywalny
nagimnastykowac pani
wyklady niezrozumiale
bezposrednio stycznosc
sie przygotowywac
inny zaliczylo
rowniez zajecia
jesli zabraknie
zaliczeniem kolokwia
niezle napracowac
moze podyktowac
zaliczyla kolokwiach
zajeciach nastepnym
wzgledem cwiczen
nieprzyjazne wykladowca
cokolwiek zanotowac
wzielo przyklady
nieprzystepna plotkuje
dosc samozaparcia
beznadziejne beznadziejna
zajakniecia sie
wkrecajac grube
beznadziejne beznadziejne
jesli mozesz
jesli bedziesz
przyjemnosc miec
zawrotna predkoscia
calkowice nieprzyjazne
przechodzic przyspieszony
wiekszosc kartkowek
bardzo niesprawiedliwy
przygotowywac potem
pochrzakiwanie doprowadza
szalu zaliczeniem
jakies zaliczenie
narysowac wybrzuszenie
niezrozumialy przepisuje
zaliczenie wykladu
rowniez trudnosci
jesli ktos
straszy wyrzuceniem
zaliczenia mozna
poszczegolnych zajec
wyklad beznadziejny
tylu wzgledem
zaliczyc wogole
wartosciowego kolokwia
egzaminu wlasciwie
kolach zaliczylo
studenta nieprzyjazne
zaliczaniem poszczegolnych
najwieksza motywacja
zachacza zaliczenie
zaliczyc generalnie
wlasciwie zerowe
beznadziejne ogolne
jezdzil zwlaszcza
zaliczyl ale
nauczyc niebardzo
wychodzilem wnerwiony
zdziwcie sie
wszechwiedzaca na
jest nieprzystepna
zdobyc punkty
wrecz chamska
przygotowujacych wnioski
decydowala rowniez
podyktowac zadanie
zrobic musialyby
bez zajakniecia
rysowane wkrecajac
wyklad niezrozumialy
wyklady cwiczen
najdrobniejsze szczegoly
wykladu wyklady
srednia arytmetyczna
niektorych jesli
zaliczenia kolokwia
poniewaz zdolni
ksiazek zaliczenie
sie zastanowilem
punkty ujemne
zajecia algebry
oszczednosc kazdy
stanowczo odradzam
najdalej wyklady
mnie odrzucila
zapisywaniem nazwisk
beznadziejnie diagnoza
zaliczyc podstawa
nalezy narysowac
juszkiewicz potocznie
szczegolnie poczatkach
obecnosc ktora
ujemne dzieki
kolokwia niespodziewani
niesprawiedliwy system
za wszechwiedzaca
niezrozumiale studentow
byly czesciowo
niesamowice ciezko
nagimnastykowac
musialyby przechodzic
beznadziejna kolokwia
przerywac bo
jezykiem stanowczo
beznadziejna unikac
czlowiek wkurza
krytycznym osrodki
unikac uciekac
mozesz bedziesz
kolegow ktorzy
wyszlo oczywiscie
mieli przyjemnosc
omijac szerokim
zanotowac na
latwo zdobyc
nie zaliczylem
materialy beznadziejne
czlowieku mysle
takowe mozesz
uzytkowe koszmar
nie zaliczyla
wyklady wogole
nieziemski poprostu
bawimy glownie
utwierdzily mnie
troszke trudniejsze
uciekac za
siadasz jesli
ulamki roznych
przegoniony niego
jest niesamowice
predkoscia rozwiazuje
nie zaliczyl
najistotniejsze jest
chodzic jesli
wykladach przepisuje
rozwiazywaniu zadan
mierniki oczywiscie
ale zaliczeniem
wszytkiego dla
problem zaliczeniem
osobiscie zrobilam
panem cwiczenia
jak przegoniony
wstanie nauczyc
zdawalnosc kolokwiach
httpwwwntifpwrwrocplkwazardefaulthtm portali
uproszczenia kolokwium
cwiczeniach zawsze
uczyc widac
jesli jestes
nie zdziwcie
url httpwwwntifpwrwrocplkwazardefaulthtm
zaliczyl es
wyklad cwiczenia
ogolnie odradzam
przerwac pelzania
podstawa zaliczenia
potrafi wytlumaczyc
beznadziejnym tylko
wytlumaczyc trzeba
zdenerwowal jakies
jesli czytasz
uciekac to
tresci wykladu
powiedzial zadnych
nauczyc nieeeeeeee
marnego zaliczenia
zdolni studenci
zaliczyl em
olowkiem rysowane
szczescia mozna
wyniosla tych
obecnosc decydowala
zalac popieprzone
unikac zaliczeni
sposobem oblewa
zasnac latarki
zaliczenia laborem
stycznosc facet
kursutematyczna cwiczenia
testem wielokrotnego
wyscig szczurow
pomoca jesli
wykladowcy robia
miare bezstresowo
dla porownania
uciekajcie od
jest beznadziejna
jak beznadziejnie
ta zaliczyl
skonczylo sie
okolo podsumowujac
pojecia programowaniu
powtarzanie wykladu
stracony nudny
pielgrzymke do
rozowo ogolnie
poprostu szkoda
obrobce wykopala
srednim wysokim
niechec spowodowana
sa beznadziejnym
przyklady ciagu
ogolne podejscie
beznadzieja babka
pucharowym rysunkow
zaliczylo osob
nie zasnela
systemem pucharowym
nieprzyjazne ten
wyklady nudne
zaliczyc unikaj
samozaparcia by
ciekawie zdenerwowal
nawet odechciewa
zasnela nie
wiec obiegach
odradzam jakikolwiek
osrodki zachowawcze
nie wytlumaczy
eklektycznym wydziale
wytlumaczyc tego
cio obowiazuje
obleje jezeli
komputerowe latarki
ktore zdaly
nudne wyjatkiem
kartkowek ponadto
pierwszych cwiczeniach
cwiczenia unikac
ksiazce nic
cwiczeniach za
spojrzy ogolnie
jest potwierdzona
wnerwiony zaraz
ntomiast ograniczenie
prowadzacych przyklad
cwiczenia idziesz
naciaga punktow
wyrzuceniem sali
totalna beznadzieja
zastanowilem nad
cie obleje
tydzien nudny
rysunki reczne
pakiety uzytkowe
jak beznadziejne
latarki miernikow
matematyczna cwiczenia
zajec prowadzaca
zaliczyc tak
zadnych zaliczen
jesli kiedykolwiek
sprawdzajace wiedze
na cwiczeniach
ktos inny
godzince wykresie
zlecania zadan
tematycznej opowiesci
niesprawiedliwy
relacje kolegow
by zaliczyl
nauczyc wg
powszechna ps
roznych mianownika
losowo dowodami
niebardzo podstawa
przygotowujacych
wtedy szczesliwy
rozwiazac niektorych
beznadziejny nie
malych liczb
niektorymi zwrotami
wykladowca akademii
niezrozumiale nic
fizyka cwiczenia
kolokwium ktore
przygotowywac
elektroniczne cwiczenia
bedziesz mial
poczucia humoru
poprawnie rozwiazane
szczesliwy przez
mowi indywidualna
znanym jezykiem
ktorym rysuje
zdalo najwiecej
bicia osiowego
nie wyniosla
ograniczenie ciagow
indeksie zaliczenia
nie porozmawiasz
dobrze tlumaczyl
sa beznadziejne
zakonczeniem laborem
poczatkach programowania
cwiczenia ocena
panem jesli
httpwwwntifpwrwrocplkwazardefaulthtm
obgaduje poniza
ciagow dziwi
do wszytkiego
ponoc porzadku
czegos doczepic
wnikac dlaczego
na pielgrzymke
gosciem mozna
to skonczylo
wqrwialem to
ludzkie pojecie
podobal wyklady
zadan komplikuje
indywidualna odbyte
kursy ktore
prezentacji powerpointa
kolokwium zaliczajace
sie zaliczyc
oceniania poniewaz
tym czlowieku
latarki mowie
kolokwiow ciagle
zwlaszcza na
wszechwiedzaca
poczatek choc
potrafi zaliczyc
grupy cwiczeniowe
wytlumaczy bo
odechciewa brak
wyklad odradzam
jego oszczednosc
zaliczyc ale
mowic odradzam
ksiezyc ocena
traktatach wyklad
wiecej przysiadl
problemy niektorymi
zjecia trzeba
moga przystapic
studentow szczegolnie
tydzien jakies
odrazu kaze
czesciowo
potwierdzona przez
podstawy zarzadzania
chcialam skonczyc
rysunkow recznych
porownaniu do
skonczyc nim
pojecie czesto
przyczepic jesliktos
radojewskiej url
maszyna liczaca
na wqrwialem
brak beznadziejne
unikac wyrywaj
niespodziewani brak
istna rzez
beaty radojewskiej
tylko jesli
pozostali ostatnie
jezyku wogole
tlumaczyl ale
przez wiekszosc
beznadziejne sa
przeszkadzanie zajeciach
dosc dziwne
plotkuje obgaduje
wejsciem dowod
starac zeby
ma wlasnie
choc niektorzy
mironem bedzie
ppt wyklady
chodzic gosciu
cwiczeniowe osob
pisac jakies
mierna dopuszczajaca
wiekszosc nawet
obecnosci obecnosc
ekonomia wydzial
jest rowniez
ocena srednia
porozmawiasz bo
moja najwieksza
pamietam zeby
obnizy ocene
nie zaliczyc
gwintem nalezy
zdanie prowadzacym
zaliczyc jest
robi przyklady
zaliczenie jest
wytrwalosci
straszne nudy
balbalbal poprostu
skomplikowana osobowosc
nie wnikac
osobowosc ocena
miec powolanie
posmiac przeciwnym
rozszerzone kartkowki
srednio podobal
pochrzakiwanie
wykladu mnie
emeryturze meczy
doczepic dac
jesli tyklo
wyklady byly
trafisz szykuj
potrafi przerwac
liczaca kalkulator
wykladac wszystko
poniza wydziera
jakies rozszerzone
jesli sie
przyklady tego
prowadzic latarki
potrafi tlumaczyc
przyklad weglinski
zaliczyc pan
rysunkow rysuje
glowe wlazl
recznych ktore
czasem wrecz
bedziesz juz
wykladzie mialem
przyklady sa
nie unikniesz
wykopala mnie
rowniez tym
wyciaga srednia
zajakniecia
kartkowki przyczepia
przy rozwiazywaniu
sluze pomoca
tego uczyc
cwiczen drugie
wiekszosc czasu
cos wartosciowego
latarki istna
robic uwazam
minusa siadasz
problemow pokazywal
niego powszechna
oczywiscie jak
zadko poniewaz
jej zechce
prowadzaca jest
latarki ocena
tragiczny usypiac
podyktowac
dopuszczajaca totalna
dzieki ktorym
ceni poniewaz
miec calkowicie
testy sprawdzajace
kieruje swoje
przepusci kilka
od skonczylo
pojecia jak
sie wzielo
szybko niewyraznie
wykladu to
ludziom ktorzy
zajecia pod
ocena odradzam
aktywny kochasz
grupy cwiczeniowej
testow ktorych
mial latwiejsza
akademii rolniczej
dlugopisem trzeba
dostaje wiecej
porzadku dobrze
tlumaczyc ale
wyklady prowadzone
jakiejs godzince
strasznie niefajne
otwor gwintem
azeby zalac
prowadzi niezrozumiale
ogolnie gdy
zdanie uwazam
skomplikowane rownania
spokojniej gosciem
polecam stracilem
dwa przyklady
dwoch malych
co cwiczenia
wyswietlaniu na
tresc zadan
grubym olowkiem
zaliczyc na
jesliktos na
mozna kompletnie
sluchac tylko
najgorszy jest
cwiczeniowej no
godny polecenia
zaliczeniem
ceglinskiego jak
chcesz zaliczyc
zaliczenie wszystkich
przyjemnosc
jest zaliczyc
tyklo mozecie
osob wysmienicie
prezentacje pisane
czasami przepusci
gabka wiekszosc
zaliczenie kilka
wyklady sa
sie bawimy
uciekal jak
potrafi wykladac
zabraknie ci
glownie fotomontazem
porozumiec bryja
motywacja zeby
nie bezposrednio
wydziale elektrycznym
studenci ktorzy
endeeste omijac
cwiczenia robi
cie wiecej
koniec zaliczyc
zaliczenie do
chodz gosciu
zaliczyc idzie
zdenerwowal troche
na wyswietlaniu
wykladu jak
jest sluzbista
jest obecnosc
podobnej trudnosci
sie zachacza
przerywac
wydziera sie
nie zaliczysz
olewaj gorniaka
na zjecia
slajdow gruby
wiedzy zaliczyc
stwarza problemy
tematyke ogolnie
wybrzuszenie drewna
wyklady nie
sie uzbierac
zaliczylo
oddac zanim
oj zdenerwowal
cwiczenia co
zajec chaotyczny
podsumowujac
smieje dst
wlasnie na
prowadzi rowniez
niewyraznie ze
zerowe calkowice
niego najistotniejsze
ponadto pozniej
prof ceglinskiego
tragicznie nudne
wyklad przepisuje
porownania na
jest wyscig
zadaniach generalnie
trudnosci zapowiedziane
przed zakonczeniem
calkowicie dobrze
biednych studentow
grupami srednim
sa wymyslne
zajeciach robi
uciekajcie
forma wykladu
trudniejsze aaa
porownywalny
pocwiczyc to
mianownika bawil
nieeeeeeee podstawa
wyjatkiem jednego
doslownie regulki
stronie ksiazce
arytmetyczna moja
zl konsultacje
egzaminu ilosc
jest milutki
algebra liniowa
cale zajecia
zeby jakos
nastepnym roku
skonczylo czyli
zaliczenie na
nie straszne
samozaparcia
samemu zeswirowal
studenta szanuj
meczy biednych
nie naciaga
wyobrazac sobie
jesli masz
za wszelka
zanotowac
tablicy przechodzi
zalicze bez
zaliczyly
szczegoly nic
twarz jesli
jest zaliczenie
zalicze system
wszelka cene
nieprzystepna
srednia url
cwiczen heh
chaotyczny ciezko
wydzial ppt
niewielkie wprowadzenie
daje ciezkie
liliana janicka
ocierac dla
napisac strone
niesamowice
ciagle robi
zaliczyla
stracilem przez
sesji azeby
poprawki kolokwiow
brak niewspodziewajek
bedziesz pisal
mowiac nic
jego ciagle
niektorych studentow
pielgrzymke
bycia chociaz
jest nieziemski
wymyslne nie
przechodzi ludzkie
budownictwa mial
zaliczenie pkt
regulki ksiazek
innych prowadzacych
oczywiscie ponad
chyba niebardzo
medytowalam posta
komu wyklady
jestes facetem
starac powiem
dobrze tlumaczy
zaliczyl
ogolnie lipa
potocznie jan
zdziwcie
nie pospisz
prowadzic zajec
cene jesli
sie programowac
analiza wyklady
sie porozumiec
zaliczysz na
do poczucia
zaliczylem
mozna dowiedziec
terminie jesli
przyklad tolerancji
wkrecajac
jes jakas
ale najgorszy
zadnych konkretow
mowi doslownie
zaliczen poza
wlasciwie
wiecej punktow
dziewczyna choc
na wyklady
nauczyc sie
rada jesli
czasu poswieca
kazimierz jozef
napracowac
humoru ogolne
na cwiczenia
konkretne pojecia
ciezkie zadania
unikniesz pozostaje
zaliczeni brak
wielokrotnego wyboru
wyrzuceniem
niektorych zadan
naprawde niezle
wogole mowi
kiedykolwiek dorwe
poprostu ideal
zechce power
bezstresowo go
odradzam gosc
wykladu pare
matematyczna wyklad
osobnika latarki
zwiazku tym
rysowanie gruby
odrzucila
zastanowilem
nich dlugopisem
liczb pierwsze
wzgledem
osie symetrii
ta niechec
poszczegolnych
cwiczenia ja
jeszcze obnizy
na zaliczenie
kartkowek oraz
informatyki wyklad
uwazam ze
informatyka wyklad
szykuj sie
ocena ogolna
reszty zadan
od szczescia
robilismy zadanie
cwiczenia na
sposob nudny
ciagu zajec
wszyscy wykladowcy
jesli nie
przegoniony
uciekac
caloksztalt nie
zeby zrozumiec
przed wejsciem
kolokwia poprawki
ktorych stopien
przepuscil po
jesli chcesz
nie obleje
ugody na
powszechna
bolu wyklad
sie nauczyc
niego uciekal
odradzam tego
tlumaczenia jest
dodac dwoch
analize zalicze
przyspieszony kurs
oblewa okolo
wykladzie dalej
potrafi nauczyc
gwinty balbalbal
podaj przyklad
zadaje programy
studentem jes
na wykladach
jest chaotyczna
poprostu idzie
kurs powtorkowy
cie bie
wykresie te
ich skrypcie
beznadziejnie
zbytnio dogadac
oblicza skomplikowane
polowy studentow
rund zalicze
egzaminie podstawowym
zasnela
kolokwiach sprawa
beznadziejny
no poprostu
wyklad prowadzony
egzaminie ktorego
nie powiedzial
dzien pisac
jest ntomiast
gosciu daje
przepisuje swoj
beznadziejnym
obiegach nie
obecnosc byc
kochasz chemie
konsultacje cyt
punkta kosztuje
ma ugody
zeby miec
koloniami wiec
wiedzial gdzie
zajeciach nie
kartkowek potem
nudny nie
wiedze informatyki
smieja ze
przystapic osoby
jakas dziewczyna
yellow medytowalam
ocene ogolnie
elektryczny nudny
wytlumaczy
nauczyc ale
zdanie pozniej
srednio osoba
nie wyobrazac
zadan udalo
niego jesli
kole jesli
nich kieruje
po wykladzie
samemu lubia
osmieszyla mnie
szanuj mnie
bez uproszczenia
zniechecil
nie trafialy
tolerancji bicia
kilka rysunkow
egzaminem znanym
utwierdzily
koniec zaliczenie
bedzie spokojniej
szczerze mowiac
techniki komputerowe
stoi zegarkiem
przekonaniu relacje
historia zlecania
wyniosla
potrafil wykorzystac
te chociaz
zadana tematyke
cwiczeniach
nie naleza
wyklad multimedialne
irence znanym
niespodziewani
mozna miec
szerokim lukiem
rzez potrafi
zegarkiem mija
tablice wiec
nie rozwijajacy
wkurza rada
najwieksza
edukacyjny kwazar
nieprzyjazne
wszystkie stwarza
mieli pojecia
mozna samemu
portali edukacyjny
zadan glowie
wiedze miec
kole bedziesz
jestes elektrycznego
wykladzie bo
jakim jezyku
problemy osobiscie
zdobyc
odechciewa
zwlaszcza
gadanie godny
sie rysunki
obowiazuje na
kurs zwiazku
wqrwialem
tych kolokwiow
czele powiem
koncu wykladu
cwiczen nim
wyznaczonych terminach
zdecydowanie odradzam
na zajeciach
mieli jesli
poswieca na
cwiczeniowe
uzbierac pkt
zarzadzania ocena
lub wywoluje
to zrobic
miec wiedze
tych kartkowek
popieprzone analize
fotogrametria na
ii wyklad
msci ogolnie
wnerwiony
na ksiezyc
symetrii za
dra jesli
ogolnie okolo
grupa smierci
niewspodziewajek egzamin
powolanie do
godziny cwiczen
tlumaczy ale
zajeciach mimo
stycznosc
ktore jest
od tlumaczenia
jakos udalo
gruby gwinty
lepsza ocene
chodzi zaliczenie
tu szczegolnie
za caloksztalt
rojewska beata
ma cwiczen
jerzy bajorek
smierci na
beznadziejne
ok kartkowek
osiowego nikt
najistotniejsze
mozecie mialem
ekranie prezentacji
na wykladzie
ocenic skomplikowana
jest kartkowka
poczatek dobra
dodaje ulamki
by pocwiczyc
oplaca sie
kursuatematyczna na
duzo siedziec
wywoluje na
gorniaka nie
przepros kartke
nudny pokaz
ze ktos
zajec absurdalny
srednio razy
trudnosci jest
osobista sprawa
ktos robi
dowodami na
pozostaje uzyczyc
glupie gadanie
egzaminie przeszlo
za stracony
sie ocierac
dla frekwencji
samym wykladzie
niebardzo mu
malcher kazimierz
kursu fotogrametria
jakies tego
wszytkiego
ktore robi
uznaje zadnych
niezrozumialy
wytlumaczyc
najwiecej osob
beata wprowadzenie
pan srednio
na policzkach
szczurow kto
nazwisk etc
chcial dac
poniewaz na
jak najdalej
musze przyznac
beznadziejna
omijac tak
wyrywaj od
tylko osmieszyla
porownaniu
zdaly kolach
je okazywal
olalam gorniaka
zapyta odrazu
latarki prowadzi
nie rozwiazuje
sali zapisywaniem
slowa jakos
tyly programowania
mozesz to
podstaw zadaje
obecnosc lub
dosc duzo
ten czlowiek
maria szloch
czlowiek chyba
kartkowki na
stopien trudnosci
pokazywal jak
niezla jazde
skrypcie na
kto inny
zaliczajace brak
janicka kurs
poprawia srednio
pospisz ani
milutki potrafi
niczego sie
beznadzieja
szczegolnie na
lepiej zrobic
kolokwiow ciezko
odradzam bo
rutkowska co
miernictwa elektroniczne
ktorego moga
wybrzuszenie
odradzam juz
zrobic to
ktos ma
raz robilismy
system srednio
duzo mowic
glowie oblicza
stanie krytycznym
podstawie kursuatematyczna
jazde chcial
kolokwia grupami
powtorkowy prowadzi
porozmawiasz
kartkowki ale
oddal dodam
przepisuje skrypt
go omijac
dr smieje
niz pozostali
nie oplaca
podejscie do
koszmar tyle
jest grozny
osob przepuscil
mielismy godziny
szans pogadac
programowac bo
policzkach bo
ktos chce
juz wiedzial
rolniczej dlatego
jan juszkiewicz
bardzo dziwie
przysiadl nad
drewniany otwor
niego prowadzacy
algebrze jest
razie odradzam
sie posmiac
nie pamietam
twisted jezeli
go sluchac
zachowawcze wyslac
mozna sie
strone internetowa
na eklektycznym
wypowiedzi chaotyczny
czlowieku
rysunki na
nas zrobil
rok budownictwa
szczesliwy
zanim sie
chaotyczna do
powerpointa te
sie mozna
ogolnie nie
ktos lubi
ma ogolne
wogole ale
robi kartkowki
chaotyczny czy
multimedialne techniki
czlowiek nie
rozwijajacy przygotowanie
odradzam pani
nudny na
uwazam za
niego smieja
wyniki kolokwiow
kto rutkowska
slyszal em
unikaj zdania
idzie zasnac
pierwsze kolokwium
miala okazje
nieco komplikuje
myslal em
na poczatek
jednego traktatach
naprawde jest
szczescia btw
prowadzi latarki
rownania nie
opowiesci stad
wart sie
na emeryturze
miernikow na
jak ktos
radze trzymac
to mielismy
poczatku to
cwiczen wymaga
kalkulator wink
gorzej osobiste
choc bywaja
na poczatku
to ktos
obleje przynajmniej
kaze isc
tych ktorzy
ktore powinny
studentow twisted
szkodnik unikac
wyswietlaniu
tak uczy
wogole nie
wiec lepiej
porownania
matematyczna ii
gosciu ma
bladzi zadaniach
sluzbista nie
kartki potrafil
chociaz wydaje
naprawde bardzo
bezposrednio
ii radze
cwiczeniowej
to mironem
kolokwiach tylko
ogolna pan
bardzo osobista
by skreslil
poniewaz pol
rozwiazuje do
naleza na
inny wazna
niezrozumiale
kto zle
tylko mozliwe
ktore sa
algebry to
trafialy do
chemie organiczna
ceglinskiego
dobrze zeby
pokaz slajdow
panie endeeste
gdy ktos
chyba wogole
jet bardzo
zdawalnosc
kartkowka na
tak rozowo
zrobil chyba
wydziale przeznaczony
prowadzacym co
slajdow na
jakos je
oszczednosc
dogadac ona
zawrotna
mowi jest
powiem krotko
na obrobce
tablicy wink
uwaza duzo
pierwszy skonczy
pania balagan
caly lektorat
wysmienicie
ogolny chaos
ktorym trudno
nie daruje
rozwiazuje zadania
medytowalam
kto jerzy
evil jakbym
chyba niskich
nie umiala
ktore nigdy
ksiazce
tlumaczyl
ucza sie
mozna jedynie
super aktywny
inny uklada
jak zrobili
to napisac
zadania ktore
ale jakos
jesliktos
kolokwium bylo
poziomie ogolnie
domu ogolny
dr rojewska
kosztuje niego
co czekalo
czlowiek ma
zajecia
inz fizyka
trzeba dzwonic
tlumaczyc
jak zly
nie dziwie
zadam nic
dosc dobrze
aaa niego
rzeczy ktore
babka absolutnie
skryptem na
daje dziwne
szanse spadaja
tym sposobem
na kolokwiach
samo inny
dodatek wogole
nie motywuje
zrozumiec jakim
rozwiazywaniu
chodzi rysunki
studenta ciezko
ustnym egzaminie
ze odbywalo
uczy jednak
arytmetyczna
tonem glosu
studentow uwaza
potwierdzona
leborka kosmiczne
sprawdza obecnosc
bo slyszal
dobrze reszty
osoby ktore
ktorzy nie
ciezko ocenic
decydowala
stereotypach przyczepia
ze sposobu
byc moze
swoja maszyna
zrobili my
dawno powinnien
na kolokwium
umiala go
trzeba robic
umie rozwiazac
widac dupie
tak trwal
ludzi ktorzy
sposobu jaki
powinnien byc
zjecia
ktore nijak
patrzy sie
sie naprawde
osob ktore
latwiejsza grupe
wazna jest
strasznie jezdzil
niektorymi
kolokwiach na
ktore zdecydowanie
ale naprawde
niektorzy nie
nudne ze
lubia sie
wprowadzenie do
pierwsze paczenia
domu ogolnie
dlugopisem
skrypt linika
nie mozna
sie starac
do ktorego
ilosc osob
tylko gorzej
zaliczyc
rozwiazane zadanie
indywidualna
wspominalem ciezko
to unikajcie
dla studentow
chodzi najdrobniejsze
wiekszosc
programy ktore
niewspodziewajek
wyklad co
wiecej nie
tak szerokim
fotomontazem ale
jest panie
przeciwnym razie
kolokwiow czasem
malo ciekawie
drugim kolokwium
kolokwia na
ja panem
ogolnie ma
ale napisze
sposob bycia
jozef dr
ciezko cokolwiek
zaliczenie
dziwie sie
na algebrze
przyklady
rysuje sie
genialnie ludzi
dodam ze
jest systemem
jezeli nie
ktorzy mieli
ocena mierna
zly to
dla niektorych
ciezko zaliczac
jest masakra
nie podpada
skreslil listy
usypiac malo
zalicze
dst unikac
skonczy zadanie
skonczylo
robic od
ma trudny
kolokwium na
przepusci
oceniania zawsze
zaliczenia
wszyscy wiemy
warto chodzic
skrawek kartki
wrecz
dziwi sie
wyklady
zrobilam wielki
niej robic
tablicy bladzi
nic wiecej
ujemne
na wydziale
postawie testow
tyg jest
reczne to
wyklad mnie
przyznac ze
wydziale temi
to przeczytac
zaliczen
zle wychodzi
przyklad jak
wydziale is
juz naprawde
dobrze wyklad
wiemy jak
nie chcialo
do niektorych
konsultacje co
dla marnego
potocznie
wlasnie
zdolni
uczyc
fotogrametria
swoj skrypt
wiec nie
radojewskiej
nie wart
zadaje
tych prostszych
zabraknie
air kolokwia
kiedy przyjdzie
po niektorych
mowi ze
przechodzic
kurs podstawy
modl sie
zaliczeni
dobrze rekordowo
przerwy to
marek okreslil
nie znaja
raczej przepisuje
wszystko mowi
bezstresowo
napisze swoje
weglinski da
jest latwo
wartosciowego
jakos nie
frekwencji test
ja cie
te prezentacje
nie podobalo
chodzic nie
za poprawnie
to grozi
on skryptem
sposob oceniania
wszystko zalezy
spowodowana jest
popieprzone
tym przypadkiem
wykladu
twisted gdybym
caloksztalt
dziwne na
rekordowo to
wyklad jak
wtedy wiecej
zeby nie
znaja jeszcze
konsultacje to
miare szybko
dzwonic do
uproszczenia
przyjdzie do
pojecia
podstawowym kiedy
nie powie
zechce
przypadkiem mialem
co tydzien
nie przydadza
jak trafil
bylo cie
ktorych chyba
zadan niego
jestes super
osobom ktore
co dzien
trafil sie
jeszcze szanse
ktora sprawdza
zeswirowal
miec wszystko
takie testy
za duzo
robi przepisuje
zeby to
sensu niczego
sie ceni
twoje szanse
zaliczysz
wszelka
po jakiejs
dobicie sam
niektorych ludzi
bo straszy
niewiele mozna
sa tragicznie
ostatnie zadanie
komplikuje nie
trudnosci jak
jest wyklad
my powtarzanie
unikniesz
sa wstanie
normalne godziny
wymyslne
podpada mu
pozniej sie
skonczyc
uwage obecnosci
smiac sie
daje niewielkie
wykladach
zachacza
kolokwia sa
ocena unikac
na lepsza
wnikac
lepsi od
ma mowy
lipa ja
borkach moze
tym rozmawiac
robia po
sie dziewczyny
kartki przy
dziwne zadania
wykladowca
przydadza np
kosmicznie trudne
wykladac
punkty przy
zdalo ok
system oceniania
wiem skad
programowania nie
przyspieszony
bedziesz
to caly
oczywiscie
mial teraz
pisane sa
kolokwiach bo
swoje zdanie
chamska zdecydowanie
problemow nie
prawdopodobnie jestes
wielokrotnego
sie daleka
wykresie
czekalo ta
poprzednich lat
czytasz ten
egzaminie jest
polecenia jedynie
na konsultacje
ciezko dowiedziec
powiem ze
wszystkie osie
za przeszkadzanie
zadane przez
wysokim stopniu
drugie kolo
odrazu
ze spac
wzielo
specyficzny sposob
nie wyszlo
grozi za
unikac tego
tym przekonaniu
miec tym
trzeba usilnie
punktow nie
bo zeby
panow to
podstawie kursutematyczna
podstawowym za
nie uznaje
trzymac sie
zadaniami ze
potrafi genialnie
zadania ktorych
zawsze wychodzilem
ze studentem
kolach moze
zlecania
niechec
do nauczania
przerwac
trzeba chodzic
sie swoja
twoje zdanie
bo ludziom
twych nie
zadan innym
wyjatkiem
na dobicie
godzine przed
kompletnie nie
kazdy skrawek
dawka oraz
pojecie
kontakt mozna
absolutnie nie
wykladowcy
powiem tak
wiecej niz
naprawde nie
nie oddal
tego osobnika
znanym na
mi przykry
jezeli chodzi
zajec przez
zajec trzeba
sprawa sie
zapisywaniem
odbywalo sie
kolokwiach stosunkowo
oceniania albo
sie mowi
wykladzie
tak nudno
pytania banalne
motywuje ten
nie olewaj
udalo sie
ma przepros
bawimy
ugody
troche ludzi
mi choc
wkurza
wg pani
jesli
oto przyklad
borkach co
wyklad elektryczny
sie miala
czyli skala
zakonczeniem
siedzisz jak
isc na
nastepnym
bryja jest
pierwsza dawka
sie testem
tym panem
usilnie sie
pisal takowe
duzo nie
masakra zawsze
bo patrzy
choc pkt
uzbierac
ii tylko
najgorszy
generalnie nie
podstawa oceny
za grubym
co mierniki
miernik co
umiec jak
mozliwe no
sie przerabia
dr konsultacje
cwiczenia
dziewczyny pierwszej
wykopala
studentow nie
unikac za
problemy zaliczaniem
nazwisk
do studenta
ksiezyc
przynajmniej polowy
rowniez
jego slowa
dni sesji
kieruje
zadaniu na
gdzie siedzisz
zadaniem to
zadanie dostaje
wtedy zdalo
uzytkowe
obgaduje
ale nieee
przepisuje zadania
sprawa nie
tego panu
nei ucza
sie prowadzic
niewyraznie
doktor jet
do czegos
do twych
zajeciach
elektrycznym daje
spac nawet
zdenerwowal
wydziera
zdania na
uciekal
mysle to
kosmiczne nie
ale zadko
kolokwium juz
godziny wiec
pod redakcja
sa lepsi
trwal em
bez problemow
np rysowanie
heh trzeba
inne zdanie
tematu przy
ma specyficzny
podobalo mi
chcialo mi
wpisow do
nazwisko planow
mnie kolach
przy tablicy
laborem jest
zajec na
chce miare
dawniej byly
programowania bo
typu podaj
dostala miare
do szalu
na ktorym
przepuscil
dorwe tego
student szkodnik
niego spojrzy
nie miec
opowiesci
czesto sie
nim niezla
cada jezeli
niektorych strasznie
liczaca
bez przerwy
pierwszej lawce
twisted color
ludzi oj
siedziec przy
potrafi dodac
mu zalezy
sa kosmicznie
sie zagadnieniami
tego tematu
poprostu
niego cenne
wink lubi
mialo problemy
lukiem jak
masz dosc
najwiecej
pani trafisz
nad zadaniem
jezykiem
najdrobniejsze
dwa kursy
na borkach
nie umiesz
predkoscia
sie chodzic
tych zajec
przeczytac domu
choc na
obnizy
nudy malo
poczucia
nalezy
na zadana
osoba gdyz
mija minut
srednia
ktorzy maja
na tresci
bawic tak
bardzo niemila
generalnie koles
tego czleka
do informatyki
panu nie
ze lzami
osobiste nie
on naprawde
postowi ale
okazje niej
zalezy od
zajec do
trudne choc
troszke
jedyne zl
straszne
wyklad polega
byl miare
kursuatematyczna
albo punktow
rzez
kartkowek
dr maria
analiza wyklad
mowie tu
ja grala
masz umiec
rozmawiac nie
rece pisak
absurdalny czy
listy przedmiotow
nie wstawia
pod tablica
elektrycznym air
kartkowki
smieje
smierci
byc na
graficzny zapis
to mowi
dobra ocene
majace niego
wszystkich zajec
do zera
wywoluje
do bolu
naciaga
zaraz zadam
evil color
to przyczepia
ustala gdzie
dowodami
marze po
dowiedziec sie
ciagu dni
pozniej na
trudnosci na
niefajne
calkowicie
po egzaminie
na godzine
niemila dla
na tablicy
jeszcze iv
mianownika
studentow czasem
egzamin zalezy
cenne godzin
strasznie zadko
juszkiewicz
liczb
na zadane
ktorego on
dowod osobisty
obiegach
najszybciej wyklad
obleje
rzeczy zerowe
osobiscie
elektryczny twisted
pana sluze
jezyku
kosmosu ja
niby kurs
redakcja dr
kwiat matematyczny
gruby bez
ze bryja
pojawic po
niskich rak
sobote od
osrodki
pisak drugiej
tych nutach
uwaza ze
zasnac
stanowczo
powolanie
zalezy na
zwrotami nie
porozumiec
zero tragedia
unikac jak
zadania kartki
prowadzacy
ii terminie
trzeba duzo
na studentow
temu postowi
paczenia dostal
jednym zadaniu
programowac
miec wiedzy
wydzial
elektrycznego to
analiza matematyczna
unikac nie
wole nie
do typa
zwiazku
do egzaminu
zagadnieniami sposob
dowiedziec zawsze
janicka
szkoda ten
podstawie cie
na poprawke
tablica daje
potem wyciaga
konstrukcji wyklad
jednym tonem
co miernictwa
iii terminie
konkretow co
lub egzaminu
wyobrazac
jakikolwiek kontakt
olowkiem
nie chodzilam
siadasz
nie spotykac
sie pojawic
czleka to
latwe ale
osiowego
ilosc
byly ponoc
pan marek
duzo na
mowi tak
obowiazuje
zapowiedziane nie
radnych szans
na ustnym
wyklad zalicza
rolniczej
sa punkty
mowiac
poniewaz
odbyte czyli
kartke trzeba
terminie egzaminu
skad ten
sa zasadami
uzyczyc
srednio
kurs ocena
matematyczny kola
naleza
byly latwe
marek to
budownictwa
dac kolo
formie tematycznej
szczescia
latarki
prostszych grup
przystapic
sam ustala
to normalne
diagnoza pacjent
humoru sie
smieja
powie tez
sie egzaminem
studentow po
jak ognia
trudny system
wyslal mnie
bawil sie
by byc
porzadku
wszystkiego samemu
informatyki na
banalne zadania
daruje prowadzi
chociaz
wyrywaj
na postawie
bryja nie
ocierac
to masakra
na egzaminie
grube drewniany
cos wiecej
prowadzacych
idziesz by
gdybym takim
skrypcie
na leborka
osoby majace
ocene czego
kolo podobnej
miare luz
pospisz
komplikuje tutaj
wlazl
sie msci
co smiac
sie klucic
krytycznym
koszmar
pucharowym
policzkach
iv dla
by duzo
tragedia student
przysiadl
da minusa
pocwiczyc
wogole
cwiczen
unikajcie da
nudny
wiedzial
szczegoly
gorniaka
ale ocenianiem
podobno dawniej
algebra
niby da
przeszlo dodatkowe
dupie ma
na glowe
na tablice
poczatkach
calkowice
koles tragiczny
wejsciem
terminie zdalo
odradzam
skala pkt
stracilem
lektorat jaki
rutkowska
ocena lepiej
niebardzo
miernictwa elektryczne
nieee no
tez cio
przyczepia sie
ciezkie
do tylu
gdyz pytania
niej radnych
angielski ocena
rysunki
programowaniu program
wypowiedzi wole
szczegolnie
omijac
lawce niego
stracony
powerpointa
uwaza sie
rysunkow
prowadzaca
na ekranie
lukiem rok
powiedzial
nim bawic
dac punkt
jan miernik
nauki modl
ta pania
min stoi
srednim
powtorkowy
punktow niz
gosciu
dr beaty
cos podobie
co tyg
robilismy
wykorzystac to
chodzic do
pogadac
to unikaj
szykuj
oplaca
na egzaminach
indeksow nie
cene mowi
pozostali
prowadzony bez
eklektycznym
jakbym napisal
drugiej gabka
ulamki
szanse na
azeby
prokurator na
bie tez
ogolne
algebry
udalo mi
po ii
nudno bo
szczurow
temi wyklad
internetowa na
slowa gdy
tablicy nas
jezdzil
symetrii
pod uwage
doczepic
inz co
tablicy ale
bylo kartke
poswieca
dogadac
podejscie
na kolach
na panow
facetem to
najdalej
niego zaliczaja
przedmiotow nikt
indeksow godziny
podobie nei
tlumaczy
osob losowo
nie mialam
trzeba miec
na glupie
to sobote
lzami na
ciagle
slajdow
robilem kurs
latwiejsza
dr inz
otwor
na ii
kolach gdzie
pol punkta
kolo wpisow
okolo unikac
sama czesto
glosu bez
unikac na
organiczna trzeba
stwarza
latwo bo
typa na
kartke ale
kolach na
ogolny
oblewa
chaotyczna
siedzisz sprawdza
nim pakiety
swoj kwiat
poczatek
czesto ma
gosciem
nauczyc
oddaje wyznaczonych
polecam siakos
poprawke ta
milutki
zaliczajace
ogolna
kolach sa
zaliczaja osoby
chodzic bo
ciezko na
nauczania sama
najszybciej musze
godzin ciagu
bo marze
trudne materialy
szybko indeksy
myslal
pytania kosmosu
sluchac
pani irence
miernikow
zrozumiec ta
obecnosc
mi prokurator
prowadzenia zajec
nowa twisted
maja tyly
przerabia zawiera
chaos balagan
osobowosc
doktor dosc
bo mowi
siakos tak
co ekonomia
facet potrafi
oceny indeksie
slyszal
liniowa na
tlumaczenia
chaotyczny
umiala
poczucie humoru
juz wspominalem
jaki miala
prowadzi dosc
sprawdzajace
analize niby
doprowadza do
czlowiek
mowi jednym
sie przyczepic
ponad indeksow
nieziemski
umie prowadzic
bo sprawdzal
kolejnych zajec
duzo osob
linika linie
trafialy
szloch kurs
przyczepia do
pelzania rozmowy
sprawdzal to
na iii
trudne chodz
posta twisted
ksiazek
algebrze
to dostawales
przyczepic sie
narysowac
skrypt na
mialam to
to wyslal
kartkowka
gwinty
doktor czesto
bywaja takie
kwazar pod
szance na
stopniu trudnosci
masakra zadania
gosc na
krotko pan
zadko cos
osob kolach
ocenianiem to
gwintem
do indeksow
egzaminu to
ze skryptu
napluc twarz
mironem
balagan jednej
poczatku
ma swoj
analize evil
obrobce
mialem nie
uwazam
szans evil
jozef
ciagow
szanuj
chodzilam na
balagan jaki
fotomontazem
dopuszczajaca
analize ii
miala nim
umiesz pani
kolegow
indeksy po
ogolnie
czesto prof
rozwijajacy
skreslil
bo uwaza
nieeeeeeee
trzeba oddac
poza koloniami
usypiac
ocena to
sluzbista
go przejsc
uklada zadania
na stereotypach
miec przynajmniej
rozwiazuje
szans zrozumiec
doslownie
juz dawno
wyscig
emeryturze
kazimierz
to moze
masz szance
green latwo
skryptem
analna to
humoru to
rownania
zajec raczej
ognia pani
url sa
unikaj go
zmienia tresc
wydziale
musialyby
okazywal
nad analna
darmo chcialam
rojewska
osob mialo
bajorek dr
skrypt sam
mialem nim
skryptu lecz
przyczepic do
grala chyb
osmieszyla
weglinski
chamska
kto tak
kolokwiow
terminach prof
dr liliana
zera zalicza
prowadzacym
pokazywal
ci moze
moze tak
kursutematyczna
dzwonic
kolokwia
niego infe
rozwiazac
wyslac na
czyta uwaza
potrafi przyczepic
ulubione slowa
kolokwiach
traktatach
mielismy
blad olalam
czesto opiera
ntomiast
twisted zdecydowanie
nia zbytnio
stad czesto
kolokwium
rada unikac
aaa
spotykac go
spadaja praktycznie
zarzadzania
posmiac
jest bardzo
wstawia ocen
klucic bo
infe lub
rozwiazane
jest juz
ktorego
balbalbal
pamietam
jest tak
co sie
musi napluc
to jest
bylo tak
to bardzo
frekwencji
tak sie
wiem jak
moze juz
jest jego
jest strasznie
nutach sprawdza
trudno jest
przy czym
tak szybko
bo jest
to jego
potrafi jest
jest trudne
zawsze potrafi
kto ma
ma dobrze
to bylo
jest moze
czy potrafi
jest on
jest jak
jak sie
ale kiedy
ma dobry
mozesz
bo kto
no moze
jest wielki
bardzo dobrze
ale tak
da sie
dla niego
przy tym
nie jest
mnie to
jakies
ale trzeba
chyba ze
je kilka
za to
sobie musi
robi sie
jak to
to samo
mialem konkretne
jest wielu
to tylko
to trzeba
jest chyba
jego sposob
czasem trzeba
trzeba sie
ale wszystko
nie wiem
polecam jest
od niego
bardzo wysoko
za dobrze
ma ich
tym ze
sie gubi
trzeba bylo
innym jest
to byla
ma bardzo
co czego
bardzo mi
pan jest
niczego
kiedy to
to jak
zrobic
prowadzone jest
ale czasami
powinno sie
jaki robi
co masz
zaliczac cada
to masz
nic tym
prezentacje
malo kto
nie wiadomo
przez niego
takowe
ktore
co robi
jak najszybciej
bylo dobrze
jak pierwsze
proste ze
to prawdziwy
co tym
to takie
uczy
nie bylo
wie swoje
ta jest
jerzy
za proste
nawet tych
czyli malo
do innych
tak nie
zawsze mieli
zawsze do
polecam co
sie ze
sie jej
czyli jak
nawet jak
wielki problem
polecam mi
powinny sie
nie wie
dlaczego bardzo
nie masz
dodatkowo jego
byl juz
zrobili
nawet was
wprowadzenie
wie co
to dla
te proste
jak masz
jest inaczej
czytasz
dobrze zostaje
nie lubi
niektorzy
dalej jest
nie powinno
jaki sie
jak do
teraz nim
nie warto
przypadku tego
konsultacje
my zadania
jest sposob
lubi sie
nie daje
sie jak
dostawales grupe
ale nie
sie te
nie polecam
sie dodaje
tego co
sie to
na niego
kosztuje
ktos
przez to
co dzieje
sie nieco
ze co
pierwsze kolo
mnie tym
biednych
to malo
ma sie
zdanie
zanim
no chyba
tak prosto
ktorzy
aktywny
dobry humor
przechodzi
ze to
czego sie
sie do
daruje
nigdy sie
motywacja
nic nie
ciekawie
sie na
to nie
potem pyta
poprawnie
mnie jego
zrobil
zadan
juz tylko
przeznaczony dla
takie to
do mnie
reczne
mi sie
roznych
bardzo na
prezentacji
jak nie
po drugiej
moze nie
jak nawet
jak juz
pierwsze trzeba
ktora
istotne dla
nic tych
zadaniami
przy niej
bo jeszcze
wyklad
ja nie
skonczy
was nie
zadane
do konca
nie sa
sa takie
to pierwsze
bo sie
do wszystkie
tylko dopiero
sie nie
ze nie
meczy
rysowanie
albo albo
nie potrafi
wszystko do
nikt nie
radnych
przyklad
bicia
choc
programowania
do pierwszego
zalac
ale bierze
czyli nie
polowy
dla dziewczyn
przykry
za darmo
czyli ulubione
em az
es na
oznacza ze
to do
tragicznie
ludziom
moze ta
wszystko idealnie
albo nie
paczenia
zle
tym nie
byl ja
kochasz
nie za
nie do
gadanie
ma problemy
nigdy nie
ze tego
tylko pani
jest na
na terminie
dlatego chyba
no ale
swoje wypowiedzi
do tego
ale za
zadam
dziewczyn jest
sie ten
bylo trudne
nawet proste
po pierwszym
dziwne
wielu innych
bylo nawet
dr jest
zadana
da za
proste zadania
do tych
zadania robi
nie da
zawiera sie
sie za
dla osob
kilka osob
ludzi no
bylo juz
czym sam
to pan
niego bardzo
nie ma
lepiej nie
byl jeszcze
tyle nie
zdania
edukacyjny
od tego
podstawowym
daje za
wie po
tych rzeczy
dostaje
mozecie
robic
tego momentu
napisac
ta nie
lepsza
niskich
dziewczyny
ani nie
na wszystko
jak by
panie
zly
ze wszyscy
zadania sa
te pierwsze
jak ma
zeby
to oznacza
to by
nie czyli
przeciwnym
powtarza sie
czego te
to jednym
komputerowe
rozowo
gdzie te
kiedykolwiek
masz szans
nie czyta
nie po
sie jedna
ale na
malych
ograniczenie
polecenia
wysokim
napisal co
jej grupy
na koncu
przyjdzie
mi za
raczej nie
nie mieli
na podstawie
ucza
godziny bez
malo nie
wg
byl dal
na jak
sie wszystkiego
em do
wielki blad
mowy
na pierwszym
spojrzy
to bierze
to na
nie prowadzi
techniki
kosmicznie
niektorych
tylko na
terminie to
jezeli
wstanie
lecz na
tragiczny
do wszystkiego
oraz grupa
wiedze
em bo
ona wie
sie nim
az do
odpowiada sie
poza tym
one na
ze ma
od nowa
straszy
nie umie
jestes
sie tego
na drugim
nie zamierza
sam nie
po samym
ze na
pe sa
zadania na
sama forma
moze ja
niby
masz jeszcze
przepisuje
matematyczny
mu nie
zadania przez
to da
jeszcze podstaw
sie temu
jedynie tylko
zadania co
zadania byly
to pierwsza
jes
do na
sie tylko
relacje
godziny nie
panow
wiemy
sie godziny
dziewczyna
ta prze
na dobra
zasady sa
by to
skad
jakas
juz trzeba
pomoca
przerwy
bierze strasznie
nie widzi
dodatkowe jej
mnie na
lub na
swoje tyle
robi na
maria
jet
cie
min polecam
zrobilam
dodac
rysowane
wart
ze zasady
powie
zadnych
ale sama
do domu
wszystko prowadzone
ci nie
ta dostala
sposobem
sie mocno
informatyka
potrafi sie
bedzie
zajec
podaj
wydaje sie
lekko nie
bo tym
podpada
lub cos
kosmiczne
elektroniczne
kalkulator
przerabia
sposobu
niego jak
jest test
pytania sa
idziesz
po nich
sposob prowadzenia
tresci
zadanie przy
chyba ok
ideal nie
zadaniach
ceni
mozliwe
co chodzi
kurs material
podstawy
nim nie
to raz
takie dwa
ze osoby
elektrycznym
na to
jakos
wiecej
lat ale
em pe
recznych
test pytania
programowaniu
zdalo
kurs jak
kompletnie
nie nie
na nie
zadania po
dupie
koles do
sa typu
tak potrafi
jakikolwiek
marnego
sie domu
masz niej
odpowiedzi przy
rysuje
na grupy
model na
ktorym
robia
isc
przygotowanie do
znanym
ponoc
osob byl
inny
mowie
bo nie
dziwie
zl
lubi jak
bez sensu
chyba sobie
duzo
osie
skala
pisane
matematyczna
juz lepiej
motywuje
niewielkie
ci na
robi zadanie
na temat
koncu jest
sa to
na dodatek
poprzednich
na byl
sam robi
szkoda
siedzisz
rekordowo
nie nadaje
mozna
polecam go
test na
godny
juz nie
sie wyniki
genialnie
dac
niego nie
na ale
postowi
na poziomie
takim byl
no lekko
te nazwisko
patrzy
da bo
sie zadanie
sie pani
to to
oceniania
co do
do kola
zadaniu
jedna tych
ten pan
dawniej
sie nia
rozmowy ze
tej podstawie
ze od
masz malo
po dwa
polecam bo
by byl
tolerancji
mam ale
prawdziwy model
komplikuje
jedynie osobom
tez nie
chemie
stosunkowo malo
przydadza
momentu bylo
borkach
istna
studenta
twych
przepros
strasznie ma
trudniejsze
em raz
ponadto
wiadomo co
generalnie
pan to
bylo strasznie
ale zadania
gdyz
zadania chyba
losowo
czekalo
znaja
na tych
is sposob
zdaly
nudy
marek
po co
osobiste
osob dla
oddal
bylo mam
nie maja
ludzkie
caly
malo czasu
dal mi
by mi
ta czyli
cio
na koniec
kaze
pakiety
to co
oj
panu
osoby na
powtarzanie
informatyki
go na
studentow
kto pierwszy
internetowa
chodz
na analize
ja by
byla moja
dowod
ktorych
mija
elektrycznego
zadaniem
punkt za
tydzien
lepsi
napisze
starac
moze mila
sie juz
kurs analiza
po min
dobicie
byl em
nudno
linika
pozniej
pierwszym kole
lektorat
potrafi dodatkowo
niz raz
tak ta
co one
bawic
oraz odpowiedzi
zera
polecam zadania
studenci
to ci
grozny
sposob wypowiedzi
wpisow
mierniki
wiec
to juz
odbyte
nauczania
miernik
kto dr
jedynie ze
do nich
unikajcie
co komu
tragedia
na min
tonem
szkodnik
niej na
umiec
sie on
pe analize
tutaj juz
pisak
cokolwiek
chodzi nim
na egzamin
na samym
tresc
zamiast godziny
to lub
prostszych
przynajmniej potrafi
mowi
jak inni
tyle razy
prokurator
tyg
evil
czele
prosto zadania
latwe
do tej
nadaje sie
dziwi
ale ja
zachowawcze
humor jak
bie
color yellow
mimo iz
ekonomia
diagnoza
hehe no
trudny
by dal
prowadzone formie
inz
mowic
redakcja
byc
zostaje kto
widzi nawet
jazde
pan doktor
minut nie
do kolejnych
malcher
drugiej stronie
drugim twoje
tym historia
udalo
graficzny
kartke
bo na
na co
opinia ta
zegarkiem
go jak
panem
gdybym
sporo nauki
dzien
balagan
juz wtedy
nudne
do bani
wszystkiego kazdy
na na
osob masz
zalicza sie
sluze
lipa
tematyke
dobra rada
dzieki
specyficzny
lawce
lubia
fizyka
trwal
wink
facet
nieee
szalu
pani na
moja rada
rak na
irence
razy co
miare
naprawde
on nigdy
opiera sie
mial
bycia
dzieje sie
podstawa
marze
bolu
brak ja
moga
kolo nie
nim kurs
dopiero na
gdzie elektryczny
studentem
olewaj
szerokim
zalezy
iv
drugie
bo to
przeczytac
grozi
testem
trudne jak
dorwe
kartki
gubi przy
zagadnieniami
by od
ma to
chyba niego
na tej
to tez
beata
zerowe
sprawdza przed
heh
jakiejs
opinia na
elektryczne gdzie
reszty
ps przypadku
dwoch
tym doktor
okazje
robilem
trudne ale
pisac
angielskiego nie
pana jak
ja szczerze
dodam
roku poza
wnioski ale
nie opinia
temi na
pana na
tyklo
zadanie to
osobnika
problemow
za cale
pana po
podstawie kursu
na sporo
glowe
ta ta
btw nie
troche
pani doktor
maja sie
pkt czyli
szloch
przekonaniu
glownie
zapis konstrukcji
drewna po
power cos
powiem
ciagu
pkt za
raz niej
ciezko
pana to
oblicza
ma inne
na doc
mierna
nim zamiast
miec
grala
zamiast byl
skomplikowane
pierwszego kola
babka
niemila
doktor ma
tyly
juz mu
bierze pod
co by
analiza na
sprawa
glowie
tego pana
mysle
cyt
na jedynie
kola nie
radze
raz to
ma wybor
poprawke
dst
pkt to
ustala
przez cale
sesji
ustnym
pani dr
beaty
systemem
twisted
zadanie jak
zadko
pani ta
ostatnie
daleka
wyznaczonych
by wtedy
uwage
podobalo
tylu
bo pani
strone
konca przez
poprawki
akademii
jednak rzeczy
majace
dosc
kwazar
kurs angielski
doprowadza
materialy
miernictwa
kursy
lukiem
umiesz
wysoko sie
niezle
mialo
zalicza je
rada nie
trafisz
ocenic
osobisty dra
ma doktora
uznaje
normalne
wazna
ii
postawie
malo istotne
godzince
tematycznej
stoi
absurdalny
spac
pani prowadzi
zadanie tym
mu on
typa
punktow
juz po
url
mieli my
linie nie
gabka
zamierza tym
przeszkadzanie
ten post
nie zapyta
egzaminie
niego jedyne
pana juz
przyznac
miala
punkta
czesto
program pt
czegos
pani ci
testy
byly zero
latwo
to prawdopodobnie
maszyna
malo pkt
samym koncu
prowadzony
szance
kola lub
godzine
slowa
kolach
luz wtedy
poniza
bryja
testow
glupie
kazdy poprawia
modl
cale godziny
pelzania
kola pierwsze
minusa
tematu
egzaminu
idzie na
drugim kole
cenne
tej pani
siedziec
liniowa
pania
planow
absolutnie
ile robi
zwrotami
skomplikowana
ekranie
liliana
wyszlo
masakra
rozmawiac
iii
podobnej
ognia
egzamin ale
praktycznie do
dostal em
gorzej
musze
infe
wyboru wszyscy
przeszlo
kosmosu
siakos
bywaja
iz odpowiada
niej niewiele
unikaj
regulki
potrafil
pkt wszystko
portali
egzaminem
na pierwszych
nutach
usilnie
zasadami
czleka
gruby
prowadzi ma
niezla
podobie
podobal
trudnosci
ocen tych
sa trudne
zapowiedziane
chodzic
mialam
koniec ta
osob na
trafil
lzami
egzaminach
indeksie
juz min
bladzi
skrawek
prowadzic
obecnosci
dawno
nim analize
pkt tego
uwaza
laborem
wybor bo
chcialo
glosu
tablicy
sobie ile
bawil
grupami
przypadkiem
koloniami
zaliczaja
unikac
wole
tablica
mila ale
endeeste
jednej rece
material jaki
mialem
msci
tablice
humoru
skrypt
chcial
kole to
szans na
doc ma
przedmiotow
analna
sprawdza kto
multimedialne
konkretow
cale zadanie
leborka
krotko
samemu
gosc
ocena
organiczna
ocene
napluc
dawka
szanse
niego trafi
punkty
ok osob
sprawdza bo
inni ale
jakbym
swoja
indeksy
ppt
razy bo
facetem
brak poczucie
bajorek
doktora chyba
zadanie albo
hardcore na
spadaja
wspominalem
smiac
robi zmienia
terminach
przyczepia
banalne
wykorzystac
zaliczaniem
totalna
zadanie pkt
ocenianiem
osobista
grube
swoj
pyta cale
pacjent stanie
temat angielskiego
odbywalo
pojawic
plotkuje
indeksow
post prawdopodobnie
stopien
podstawie ocen
trzymac
tez hehe
lubi hardcore
zrozumiec
trafi to
polega na
dowiedziec
widac
sobote
wyciaga
niego pytania
wstawia
spokojniej
wychodzi rund
powinnien
stereotypach
klucic
oddac
przyczepic
sprawdzal
skryptu
on sprawdza
olalam
idealnie green
pt kalk
rozszerzone
wyniku zamiast
spowodowana
uklada
dostawales
wyslal
wyslac
zaliczac
wychodzilem
chcialam
maja szans
spotykac
grupe potrafi
wymaga by
domu oddaje
grubym
przejsc
zdecydowanie by
prawdopodobnie by
zbytnio
koncu wyniku
chodzilam
brak podobno
pare osob
pana raczej
okreslil
nijak maja
chyb traf
ocen brak
prof powtarza
etc sprawdza
potem
my
bardzo
zawsze
dobrze
ich
teraz
sie
dobry
dla
jego
kiedy
wszystko
czyli
roku
tylko
program
em
ja
przy
was
az
szybko
nic
system
ludzi
jak
dodatkowo
czy
nie
es
model
student
oraz
wielki
kontakt
dalej
dr
pierwszy
mnie
historia
gdzie
doktor
lub
problemy
kwiat
no
by
wtedy
je
cene
iz
super
ideal
is
one
problem
to
przypadku
nigdy
ok
color
jej
kurs
test
na
wszystkie
moze
wie
od
lecz
programy
twoje
da
dlaczego
lepiej
swoje
za
material
do
jest
tak
ile
power
air
warto
angielski
te
kursu
grupa
luz
pod
zadania
proste
min
mu
trzeba
ta
jeszcze
pe
pan
dni
sa
nazwisko
okolo
samo
po
mi
zasady
ze
ale
godziny
odpowiedzi
inne
tu
pytania
post
chaos
terminie
nim
zero
nas
koles
wszyscy
on
nei
rok
wszystkich
bo
wiedzy
elektryczny
ani
byl
dal
np
przez
mam
hehe
ma
malo
jan
pierwsze
darmo
ci
tutaj
forma
bez
chce
analize
moja
angielskiego
wyniki
pierwszej
yellow
drugiej
prze
przed
dodaje
ten
dodatkowe
niej
jedynie
wiem
niz
zapis
temi
analiza
oznacza
cada
nia
daje
kto
ps
co
grup
polecam
innym
elektryczne
pyta
albo
innych
listy
nawet
green
tym
minut
grupy
blad
humor
sam
pacjent
temu
jaki
punkt
dziewczyn
nad
doc
go
maja
nauki
stronie
opinia
czasem
lat
domu
sama
prof
twarz
niego
rak
wnioski
prawdziwy
gdy
linie
osoby
jednak
drewna
temat
wielu
rund
dobra
jednej
doktora
cos
byla
robi
dostal
rzeczy
stad
rozmowy
pierwsza
bylo
pol
nieco
razie
kazdy
pkt
pani
sobie
osobisty
dlatego
pana
kola
jedna
byly
sali
lekko
czasami
masz
inaczej
bani
dwa
oto
ona
godzin
drewniany
napisal
tyle
osoba
czasu
grupe
tez
rada
etc
sporo
czym
lubi
czyta
posta
zamiast
konca
zadanie
prosto
pt
takim
zapyta
tego
btw
szczerze
poprawia
idealnie
kilka
gubi
kolo
chyba
pare
sposob
drugim
takie
koncu
wypowiedzi
przygotowanie
chcesz
inni
istotne
konstrukcji
pierwszego
egzamin
tej
ponad
raz
stanie
pierwszym
wybor
hardcore
oceny
tych
podstawie
typu
dzieje
zostaje
strasznie
dostala
jakim
komu
juz
kalk
widzi
dra
jednego
sensu
kole
raczej
cale
mimo
niewiele
bierze
zaraz
wyboru
pisal
poziomie
poza
przynajmniej
mieli
brak
momentu
dopiero
zawiera
odpowiada
pozostaje
prowadzi
mila
pokaz
musi
nich
nowa
chyb
wiadomo
traf
samym
konkretne
razy
wyniku
potrafi
chodzi
wszystkiego
trudno
wysoko
zmienia
oddaje
dodatek
rece
najszybciej
koniec
prawdopodobnie
ocen
powinno
osob
czego
poczucie
podstaw
osobom
idzie
jedyne
nadaje
ulubione
podobno
trafi
wymaga
stosunkowo
wychodzi
trudne
jednym
prowadzone
nikt
powtarza
zdecydowanie
przeznaczony
mocno
prowadzenia
praktycznie
wydaje
umie
pierwszych
szans
powinny
formie
nijak
kolejnych
zamierza
sprawdza
stopniu
opiera
zalicza
polega