wysminiecie przygotowujacych
rozwijajacy przygotowanie
prowadzi niezrozumiale
niezrozumialy przepisuje
najdrobniejsze szczegoly
trudnosci zapowiedziane
przeszkadzanie zajeciach
wydziale przeznaczony
przygotowujacych wnioski
wyklady niezrozumiale
nieprzyjazne wykladowca
zaliczaniem poszczegolnych
niewspodziewajek egzamin
wyklad niezrozumialy
szczegolnie poczatkach
calkowice nieprzyjazne
odradzam jakikolwiek
zdawalnosc kolokwiach
pozaostaje zyczyc
przechodzic przyspieszony
zaliczeniem kolokwia
za przeszkadzanie
beznadziejna kolokwia
rozwiazuje zadania
podstawie kursutematyczna
zdecydowanie odradzam
beznadziejne zdawalnosc
przepisuje zadania
kolokwia niespodziewajki
zaliczyla kolokwiach
kursutematyczna cwiczenia
chodzi najdrobniejsze
zaliczenie wykladu
obleje przynajmniej
przeczytac domu
zaliczyly wiekszosc
przez wiekszosc
przynajmniej potrafi
podyktowac zadanie
przynajmniej polowy
przyczepic jesliktos
eklektycznym wydziale
zaliczenie wszystkich
przygotowywac potem
pochrzakiwanie doprowadza
kiedy przyjdzie
poszczegolnych zajec
zaliczyc tak
wzielo przyklady
przyczepic sie
pierwszym kole
podstawy zarzadzania
przy rozwiazywaniu
chodzi zaliczenie
zaliczenia kolokwia
czlowiek wkurza
cokolwiek zanotowac
rozmawiac nie
przyjemnosc miec
rozwiazac niektorych
przegowniany niego
dowiedziec zawsze
kartkowki przyczepia
zapis konstrukcji
na poczatek
wyklad cwiczenia
beznadziejnie diagnoza
wiecej przysiadl
nieprzystepna plotkuje
tematycznej opowiesci
na poczatku
przeszkadzanie
podstawie kursuatematyczna
wyklad beznadziejny
studenta nieprzyjazne
zapisywaniem nazwisk
oszczednosc kazdy
raczej przepisuje
na pielgrzymke
bezposrednio stycznosc
przyklady tego
ciezko dowiedziec
oblicza skomplikowane
rozwiazywaniu zadan
koniec zaliczenie
wyklad przepisuje
przyczepia do
wykladach przepisuje
problemy zaliczaniem
jezykiem stanowczo
spadaja praktycznie
studenci ktorzy
zaliczyc unikaj
powiedzial zadnych
powtarzanie wykladu
szczegolnie na
zawsze wychodzilem
czasu poswieca
beznadziejne ogolne
poniewaz zdolni