rozwijajacy przygotowac
niezrozumiac przepisowac
wysminiecie przygotowujacy
narysowac wybrzuszic
mocno wygimnastykowac
nieprzyjazny wykladowca
kolokwiac niespodziewajka
rozwiazowac zadanie
przygotowywac potem
pochrzakiwanie doprowadzac
przygotowujacy wniosek
najwiekszi motywacja
beznadziejny zdawalnosc
zaliczanie poszczegolny
zdenerwowal jakies
wytrwalosc zaliczyc
sie przygotowywac
kartkowka przyczepiac
niewielki wprowadzic
rozwiazywac zadanie
rysowac wkrecajac
ktory zdecydowanie
beznadziejny kolokwia
wytumaczyc trzeba
szybko niewyrazc
trudnosci zapowiedziac
zdawalnosc kolokwi
zyczyc wytrwalosc
przyklad rysoowac
nieprzystepna plotkowac
wychodzilem znerwiyc
pozaostawac zyczyc
ciagle pochrzakiwanie
odrobka wykopac
przepisowac zadanie
niewspodziewajek egzamin
wyszloyc oczywisc
polzdanie rozmowa
ciekawie zdenerwowal
przechodzic przyspieszony
brak niewspodziewajek
nie wytlumaczyc
latwo zdobyc
wszechwiedzaca na
wygimnastykowac pani
podstawa kursutematyczny
kursutematyczny cwiczec
potrafic wykorzystac
chamski zdecydowanie
przeszlo dodatkowy
zdecydowanie odradzac
zdenerwowal trochy
potrafic wytlumaczyc
lub wywolywac
wielokrotny wybor
zachowawczy wyslac
podyktowac zadanie
odradzac jakikolwiek
porownywalny zadani
wiekszosc kartkowka
latwiejsza grupe
przy rozwiazywac
unikniesz pozaostawac
jezdzil zwlaszczac
szczegolnie poczatk
jakis dziewczyna
podsumowywac jesli
raczej przepisowac
rozszerzone kartkowka
przerwac polzdanie
przeszkadzana zajecie
dawac niewielki
mierny dopuszczajacy
pucharowy rysunkowa
miernictwo elektroniczny
predkosc rozwiazowac
przechodzic ludzki
calkowica nieprzyjazny
zadanie komplikowac
egzamin wlasciwie
miernictwo elektryczny
cokolwiek zanotowac
poprawnie rozwiazac
szybko wyklad
zaliczyc kolokwia
przygotowywac
powtarzanie wyklad
wartosciow kolokwi
potrafic wytumaczyc
pakiety uzytkowy
podstawa kursuatematyczny
wyklad przepisowac
bardzo niesprawiedliwy
zaliczyc wiekszosc
wyklad beznadziejny
rozwiazac zadanie
drobniejy szczegoly
wszystko prowadzic
tematyczny opowiesc
dowiedziec zawsze