wytrwalosc zaliczyc
napracowac porownanie
zaliczec wszystek
jakies zaliczec
wszystek stwarzac
zyczyc wytrwalosc
nieprzystepna plotkowac
podsumowywac jesli
pochrzakiwanie doprowadzac
wychodzilem znerwiyc
niechec spowodowac
rysowac wkrecajac
zajecie nastepny
beznadziejny zdawalnosc
wyszloyc oczywisc
potrafic wytlumaczyc
wysminiecie przygotowujacy
wkrecajac sruby
ciagle pochrzakiwanie
zniechecil niektory
prowadzacy utwierdzily
mocno wygimnastykowac
pozaostawac zyczyc
mozny przerywac
zaliczyc wiekszosc
zachaczac zaliczec
chociaz troszke
niefajny zniechecil
narysowac wybrzuszic
moze podyktowac
potrafic wytumaczyc
byc nieprzystepna
unikniesz pozaostawac
plotkowac obgadowac
porownywalny zadani
ksiazka zaliczec
byc czesciowo
jezdzil zwlaszczac
zaliczeen dosc
zaliczec kolokwiac
stanowczo odradzac
zajecia prowadzaca
sie przygotowywac
tydzienc jakies
bezposrednio stycznosc
rowniez zajecia
kursutematyczny cwiczec
chcialac skonczyc
miec przyjemnosc
cio obowiazowac
chodzic zaliczec
przyjemnosc miec
niezle napracowac
beznadziejny beznadziejny
wygimnastykowac pani
potrafic przerwac
potrafic tlumaczyc
cokolwiek zanotowac
zaliczyl robil
zajakniecia sie
podstawa zaliczec
potrafic zaliczyc
cwiczenia zawrotny
byc zaliczec
wszystek wykladowca
rozwijajacy przygotowac
oddawac wyznaczyc
zawrotny predkosc
zaliczec wyklad
nawet odechciewac
chociaz wydawac
poszczegolny zajec
wyklada niezrozumiale
odradzac jakikolwiek
przerwac polzdanie
cwiczenia myslec
potrafic wykladac
poniewaz zdolny
podstawa zarzadzac
wzielo przyklada
ogolnie odradzac
jesli bedzieshc
zaliczec byc
jesli zabraknac
przechodzic przyspieszony
decydowac rowniez
prowadzic rowniez
wyklad odradzac
unikac uciekac
pojecia programowac
przygotowywac potem
zechciec powec
dosc samozapracie
nieprzyjazny wykladowca
naciagac punktow
wszystek zajec
jesli ktos
nauczyc niebardzo
zaliczec kilka
podyktowac zadanie