poniewaz zaliczyl
byc dopuszczonym
czesi pisemna
zupelnosci powyzszymi
nieobecnosc spoznienie
wykladu chemii
koncowe zaliczenie
srednio zapisywalo
srednia kartkowek
przedostatnich zajeciach
zajecia wygladaja
rozgrzewki nieobecnosci
nastepujacy sposobadaje
wlasnie zaborski
tematyce wykladu
zaliczenie koncowe
zaliczenie obecnosci
kolokwium zaliczeniowego
kartkowek doliczaja
miare bezstresowo
obecnosc obowiazkowa
wiekszosc czytala
prowadzacego cwiczenia
nastepna nieobecnosc
zajeciach rozgrywany
zbytnio przyszlosci
prowadzona nastepujacy
radze uczyc
analityczna cwiczenia
miec zaliczone
wejsciowek sprawozdan
wiec matematyke
miec wlaczony
przeczytac obojetnie
mialem nieobecnosc
pomoca jesli
filozofii starczylo
nieorganiczna wyklad
starczylo byc
ksero ktorych
bodajze pytan
notatek wykladu
rownan rozniczkowych
wyrywkowe na
nieobecnosc kazda
wykladu elementow
sie zglaszajcie
zajecia oceniane
robic sprawozdania
wyklady infy
prowadzacych laborki
zajeciach sprawdzana
jedna nieobecnosc
listy obowiazujacej
nieorganiczna ii
trzba napisac
sie zblaznic
przecietnie co
testowych jednokrotnego
kazdym nastepnie
zaliczyl es
sprawozdania regularnie
kazde zajecia
algorytm rozwiazania
nieorganiczna cw
opuscic zajecia
domowe srednio
biotechnologii wiec
pomaranczowej rewolucji
zaliczyl em
charakterystyk wzorow
na cwiczeniach
doliczaja sie
sniadego egzamin
egzaminu poniewaz
pytan jednokrotnego
rozwiazywala jakies
czytala ksiazki
nieobecnosc to
kartkowek sprawek
czasami przecietnie
dopuszczonym do
jesli wiec
zajeciach przydatne
obowiazujacej ktora
analityczna cw
poprawkowym mial
cwiczenia wiec
zglaszajcie do
oczywiscie paje
kolokwium koncowe
protokoly cwiczen
organizacjach zajmowal
ksiazki rozwiazywala
kolokwia prezentacja
inz poniewaz
na przedostatnich
nim siatkowke
niezdazylo mi
to niezdazylo
zblaznic niz
jest wyrywkowe
koncowe czesi
sprawozdania radze
nie zaliczyl
pary deblowe
panem powtorkowa
wykladach sie
zaliczenie referatu
zajecia trzeba
niemieckojezyczne na
oddawaniu protokolu
jakies zadanka
powyzszymi opiniami
tydzien wczesniej
wpisywac inz
oddawac je
chemia nieorganiczna
nastepna ocena
liscie mialo
marek duczmal
krzysztof rohleder
geometria wykreslna
zadan projektowych
punkty kartkowek
sluze pomoca
np wykladow
mialam pojecia
zaliczenie to
poniewaz jest
martynkien tadeusz
robic recznie
wykladow na
eit czfizyczna
powiedziec jego
spoznienia spoznienia
rozwiazania reszta
ktos mial
wzorow ukladow
zajecia dr
elzbieta dr
zadan testowych
nie wypowiadam
ii cwiczenia
dobrze zaokraoglone
zajeciach robi
jej uczyc
uniwerku karze
cizman agnieszka
zajmowal sie
planem domaradzkiego
elementow biotechnologii
prowadzenie rozgrzewki
temat pomaranczowej
wykladu na
zaliczenie program
jesli ktos
koncowa byla
co zajecia
borkowska burnecka
trzeba zaliczyc
zaliczenie jest
zaliczenie test
sterta charakterystyk
odrabiac tym
ktora znamy
geometrii rysunku
konkretny pomysl
mozna napisac
jankowska elzbieta
spoznienia to
mozna robic
trzeba odrabiac
zaliczenie praca
zaliczyc kolo
wykladzie na
nawet jesli
wozniak wladyslaw
mianowicie ma
sie zabierasz
pytan kazde
jakis organizacjach
wypowiadam bo
pisemna ustna
zaliczyc kurs
sie kartkowki
ocena koncowa
sesji przepada
nim wyklady
zaliczeniowego
dwa zajecia
jesli malo
bezstresowo go
biotechnologii na
szmajdzinskim czy
sie uczyla
zapisywalo sie
sie zaliczenie
sie zupelnosci
zajecia prowadzone
definicja wykres
kartkowek oraz
ministrem szmajdzinskim
wlaczony komputer
algebra geometria
nie wpisywac
testowy pytan
mial czyste
pojecia co
matematyke miala
pozniej wybranych
punkcie ksero
rozgrzewki minut
mozna pisac
jest automatykiem
zajeciach czyta
uczyc nie
duczmal chemia
pierwsze zajecia
programy koncowe
odpowiedz zla
to srednia
sprawozdania na
omowil algorytm
forma zaliczenie
bo zawital
pierwszym poprawkowym
panem samoobrone
na wykladach
trzy kartkowki
na biotechnologii
zabierasz do
to sprawozdania
sprawdzana obecnosc
wyklad fizyki
wszystkie kartkowki
wystawiane sa
techniki podst
kazde jakies
albo wczesniej
wydziale elektroniki
nic powiedziec
okolice sesji
zglaszajcie
za wykresem
wyklad geometrii
powiedzial em
dotyczy wykladu
semestry kosza
napisania krotki
kilka dzialow
wydzale fizyki
mozna miec
mozna dostac
miare omowil
za prowadzacy
aha powiedzial
kartkowki bylo
punktow kolokwium
aby zaliczyc
obowiazujacej
zrobi kartkowke
ktorych niby
na wykladzie
sprawozdanie lepiej
automatykiem ale
ocen wejsciowek
nieobecnosci trzeba
zajecia pierwsze
jednej liscie
pierwsze sprawozdania
wladyslaw artur
miec sprawdzony
nastepnie na
lacznie widzialem
matematyczna wiec
zaliczenie na
lepiej oddawac
wyrywkowe
zeby miec
gdy zapisywalam
nie programowal
przyszlosci
radze robic
na sprawozdanie
statyki wyklad
cwiczenia size
tez spoznienia
niemiecki coz
nastepna oceny
zajec wolna
do sprawozdan
radze scigac
rozgrywany jest
wszystkim aktywnosc
kartkowke wszystkie
pytac wiecej
cwiczeniach
chemia analityczna
tlumaczy co
zapisywalam sie
oceny wystawiane
niemieckojezyczne
nastepujacy
chemii organicznej
oddawania programu
gierczak prof
prowadzi wlasnie
wyrazi zgode
srednia ocen
kursu powturkowego
dopuszczonym
uczyc sie
zgode mozna
zaliczyl
doliczaja
zostawia materialy
kazda nastepna
mlody czlowiek
jest prowadzona
jeszcze kolokwium
wszystkich prowadzacych
pary kaze
miala specjalnej
na zaliczenie
wygladaja tak
pytan zdaje
obecnosc ale
jesli nie
zaokraoglone na
walkowiakiem
ii wyklad
calkowici sie
dokladnie definicja
kartkowki sa
nieobecnosc
dzialow kazdy
widlicka magdalena
wykreslna dr
oprocz zadan
przy oddawaniu
mozna zapomniec
byla srednia
kartkowki zadania
mial byc
wyklad wyklad
siatkowke
jednokrotnego wyboru
obecnosci prowadzenie
rozniczkowych
obecnosc na
sposobadaje problem
przedostatnich
byc przygotowanym
nam powiedziala
ocene skladaja
koniec bodajze
obojetnie jaki
podczas oddawania
reszta zajec
zawital em
srednio raz
dziala takze
zajeciach sprawdza
kurs algebra
geometria analityczna
przecietnie
mozna opuscic
kolokwia kazde
spoznienie wpis
dwa kolokwia
kazda mozna
nieorganiczna
tych kartkowek
takze jakis
pierwszych zajeciach
zla pkta
tadeusz dr
dzik malgorzata
elzbieta
zaliczone trzy
powiedziala to
powturkowego na
konkretnego wzoru
metoda obwodowa
przerobi skrypt
wypowiadam
zblaznic
kraje niemieckojezyczne
kartkowki programy
pokaz slajdow
lub kolokwium
elektroniki wiec
sniadego
analityczna analiza
filozofia spoleczna
ksiazka do
karze kreslic
na zajeciach
aktywnosc obecnosc
obowiazkowa
na obecnosc
to pogadanka
burnecka lub
sprawozdan to
programowal es
obecnosc byc
wedlug konkretnego
scigac pan
biotechnologii
skrypt choc
dniu wpsiow
pogadanka typu
kole trzba
niezdazylo
teoria obwodow
pomaranczowej
jak poszedlem
wczesniej
juszkiewicz dr
elementow programowania
po uniwerku
cos ksiazki
semestrze zimowym
bez konsekwencji
krzysztof
gierczak
zjawisko comptona
nalezalo oddac
kursu oczywiscie
organizowaniem spotkan
laborki nieorganicznej
ulozone pary
bauer joanna
zostaja ulozone
laborki elementow
bryszewskiej
kola nalezalo
trzmiel justyna
do domagarowa
wilhelma na
powtorkowa analize
matematyczna ii
powyzszymi
wyklady
na wydziale
agnieszka mgr
czfizyczna prowadzone
laborke infy
robic na
semestrze mial
na emeryture
byc moze
ale mozna
nie byc
wykonane wedlug
nie caly
wejsciowek
wykladu
projektowych jest
problemowe np
wykresem
wykladach
na wydzale
kolo plusikow
wyklad na
sprawdza obecnosc
domagarowa pozdrawiam
egzamin caloroczny
zabierasz
em prowadzacego
trzeba robic
ja lacznie
technologii chemicznej
umiesz idz
specjalnej ochoty
nie radze
wladyslaw
bezstresowo
infy laborke
czasem patrzy
wiec tak
dra wilhelma
idz daj
czyz nie
powodzenia
jest troche
do tablicy
ceni sobie
semestry mialem
starczylo
wyklad pan
zapisz sie
warto chodzic
pomysl na
zajecia
to przyznal
fizyki ii
zaliczenie
wiec nigdy
wykladzie
mialem panem
fizyka ii
zaliczyc
magdalena dr
wiekszosc
do napisania
es zapisz
nie moge
jakies sekund
czyste konto
poszedlem po
ze dzieli
ktos chce
wystawiane
przepada ci
patrzy na
za kazdym
jak caly
oddawania
trzeba przeczytac
wykladow
ok pytan
wprowadzenie do
za definicja
trzeba przerobi
do techniki
sprawdzanie jest
do punktow
recznie dopiero
jest egzaminem
ja zdal
prace mozna
jest prezentacja
wyklad prof
napisac cos
dwa mozna
rohleder fizyka
moge nic
nastepnie
tylko protokoly
zaborski
potrafi pytac
niby mamy
jak ktos
prezentacja na
mozna nie
kosza za
pojecia
kola mozesz
wiec nie
mamy korzystac
na pary
sprawozdanie
zawital
przez semestry
wiec pisze
opisz na
drugie kolo
wlaczony
sie zgadzam
szmajdzinskim
np opisz
nieobecnosci
co tydzien
autentycznie sam
wykres za
wlasnie
definicja za
uwage obecnosci
napisac program
zdal em
zaokraoglone
choc nie
ii mial
koncowe
zajeciach
ale sprawdzanie
kartkowki
dzieli na
troche podobny
dobra odpowiedz
domowe na
skladaja sie
rozgrzewki
pytanie problemowe
na kazdym
tekst tematyce
na tydzien
daj sie
kolokwium formie
raz mozna
na konsultacje
mialo sie
przy tablicy
poprawkowym
czesi
uczyla
powiedziec
tydzien jak
zadania domowe
jednokrotnego
ale preferowany
uwaga nie
zaliczone
miec jedna
kazdym chyba
srednia
pana sluze
zerowy termin
duczmal
aktywne na
tym panem
prezentacja power
cwiczenia
jedynie wyklad
liscie
wykreslna
charakterystyk
egzamin testowy
panem jedynie
dostac jeden
sprawozdania
kolo drugie
rozgrywany
uczyc
spoznienie
byc na
poniewaz
caly ten
za kazda
wiecej niz
zgodnie planem
oddawac
rozwiazywala
egzamin mozna
ona konkretny
odpowiedz to
obwodowa
kazdy kazdym
wszystkie obecnosci
do roboty
mial em
chodzic na
malgorzata mgr
wolna zwykle
na komputerze
spoznienia
rewolucji
dr uwaga
oddawaniu
przydatne bo
jesli
kazdym razem
problem miare
systemie oceniania
ukladow
zajmowal
konto dostawal
na filozofii
oczywiscie
to okolice
poprawiac kola
kartce ale
do eit
deblowe
zla jedno
mianowicie
miala tym
tadeusz
jankowska
czym mozna
jest prowadzony
notuje tez
testy tzw
pisac po
sie wf
algebra
prof arch
zupelnosci
domaradzkiego
gladysz
wozniak
nie miala
dr wyrazi
czfizyczna
na kartce
chyba zadan
prowadzacy
borkowska
odrabiac
typu opow
podstawie rownan
materialy na
sprawdzony egzamin
kazde po
projekt miec
na ocene
nieorganicznej
matematyke
kole napisac
juszkiewicz
analityczna
ci zerowy
ze statyki
po indeksie
cizman
prowadzacych
byc bez
pan urbanski
nie mialam
byc egzamin
srednio
polsku ale
osoby aktywne
fizyki kolo
pytal kodu
wszystkich pozniej
sprawozdan
laborka jest
miala tylko
prowadzony przez
chce miare
kreslic po
chodzic do
zapisywalo
na eit
kaze ze
kurs filozofia
znamy przynajmniej
bodajze
cwiczen
calkowici
aktywnosc
tym dziale
miec co
oprocz tego
kartkowek
sa testy
ustny to
oceniane od
przygotowanym listy
panem dr
gadac na
joanna dr
ocena na
wpisywac
zdaje sie
aha koniecznie
kartkowke
ksiazki
slajdow
na zadany
ii tylko
albo referatu
eit mgr
inf wyklad
kurs semestrze
to ocena
dopiero sesji
kims innym
drugim semestrze
podstawie zostaja
zgadzam sie
powiedzial
podstawie obecnosci
raz semestrze
dr inz
trzeba miec
na kazde
automatykiem
pod uwage
kurs geometria
nastepna
pawlak
koncowa
na punkcie
miec tu
niz powiedz
malo umiesz
indeksie sa
dudek lubi
przez kogos
tlumaczy
obojetnie
sa zapowiedziane
ksiazka
programowal
po polsku
obwodow
trzeba byc
chemii
wpsiow
pkt zla
nas zadawal
uwage na
pisemna
do kogos
juz semestry
wf nie
ze skryptu
obecnosci aby
min organizowaniem
hab inz
trzba
np ministrem
krotki list
dzialow
analiza matematyczna
ja mialem
tzw ksia
mozesz razy
prowadzona
zapisywalam
kogos innego
skrypt to
sposobadaje
wygladaja
artur dr
powtorkowa
powturkowego
ta pania
raczej notatek
do stronic
powiedziala
spoleczna innych
chemicznej
kilku slowach
dr dudek
burnecka
pogadanka
samoobrone
czlowiek
scigac
obecnosc
tablicy ona
spotkan np
plusikow
to sterta
ochoty sie
podstawie wprowadzenie
obecnosci raz
semestrze sa
zadawal problem
najmniej obecnosci
mgr inz
dostawal wpis
jednak byc
podstawie przygotowanego
go przejsc
preferowany jest
zapowiedziane czasami
borkowski mgr
oddac projekt
pania kurs
agnieszka
magdalena
omowil
zadany temat
wedlug
rysunku
rozwiazania
kola fizyki
kolo fizyki
kolokwia
sie zbytnio
miala ta
przygotowanego biznes
wilhelma
niego egzaminu
uniwerku
ksero
konsekwencji
razem kims
trzmiel
zgadzam opinia
polega zjawisko
semestry juz
mialem nim
soba gadac
algorytm
wydziale
wydzale
widlicka
zadanka albo
kurs chemia
nalezalo
urbanski tego
na ii
lubi bilard
widzialem go
kolokwium
malgorzata
martynkien
protokolu to
zwraca uwage
ocena dol
dotyczy laborki
domagarowa
emeryture
rownan
prowadzacego
caloroczny
justyna mgr
poszedlem
projektowych
wyklad
co prawda
czyz
skryptu raczej
jakies
recznie
wykres
problemowe
dla pana
konsultacje
po prostu
prezentacja
przepada
tak ze
czyste
tym samym
praca lub
wprowadzenie
nie lubi
czy sa
mozesz
zrobi cos
em niego
moze tak
domowe
programowania
to za
czy np
sie do
co najmniej
nie przyda
termin ze
jest kilka
to samo
nie jest
mi sie
testowy
pomysl
es na
zadan
brak jest
jak sie
testowych
jego temat
co jak
techniki
program ze
nie wiem
sie ze
samo jest
tego trzeba
zeby
pierwsze kolo
pani jest
ja polecam
napisania
na czym
zla
przypadku tego
ktos
to test
ich sumie
ale dopiero
zjawisko
na jego
em doc
pytac
na kolo
power point
przerobi
wiem czym
bardzo nie
jego systemie
aktywne
tym roku
sie min
lacznie
zajec
coz
jak to
definicja
po drugim
nie pisal
paje
sa dobrze
robic
ktora
po tym
pytan
tego bardzo
em dra
organizowaniem
kosza
jest jeszcze
zdal
jak dr
koniec jest
karze
byl tez
wszystkie lub
ktory jest
nie tylko
tego co
aby jednak
jaki tekst
wszystkie sa
em ta
bylo ich
czasami zrobi
do pytania
napisac
potem kolo
do kola
niej trzeba
zimowym
no sa
kazdy jest
arch
jakis
program na
sprawdzanie
pomoca
autentycznie
na terminie
sie jej
do kursu
ona lubi
je wykonane
ja jestem
od do
okolice
prowadzenie
pary
ale na
sie dobra
pytania przy
jest za
nigdy nie
roku nawet
jest po
to chyba
zerowy
em tym
zapisz
powiedz
marek
niby
dzieli
patrzy
za wszystkie
specjalnej
pytal
uwaga
przydatne
odpowiedz
na podstawie
notuje
zadania na
po zadania
dopiero jak
raz czy
sie nie
em na
przede wszystkim
tygodniu albo
filozofii
tu problem
jest egzamin
lub jednej
caly
to po
co do
pytania to
na moje
sa metoda
to bierze
tydzien
na temat
na nie
ceni
sa jeszcze
kolo jest
jest na
liczby czy
biznes planu
na kole
gdyby nie
jeden punkt
urbanski
terminie to
mozna
albo po
filozofia
choc
czy dwa
geometrii
skladaja
na poziomie
wpis na
tematyce
wiecej
niz raz
organicznej
bauer
kazdym
point ok
geometria
wpis jak
fizyka
jest turniej
ze soba
pisze niej
wzoru
kaze
list lub
czym polega
jest formie
poprawiac
to wszystkich
wybranych
sprawek
matematyczna
takze
nie doc
opow
przyda mi
joanna
cos na
oceniania
pozniej
tylko przez
jestem na
na koniec
ze wszystkiego
na pkt
jedno pytanie
na pierwszym
co nam
ksia
raz na
sa na
byl em
mial
miare
na wnioski
sa co
kartce
fizyki
size dr
prawda na
moge
na technologii
podst
po wpis
wiec
wpr
opisz
sluze
sa to
inz
organizacjach
wyrazi
kazda
egzamin trzeba
do maks
panem
minut raz
komputerze
ktorych
dziala
koniecznie sie
cw
odpowiedzi przy
dzik
tej podstawie
daj
na jednej
moje miasto
prowadzone sa
dokladnie
opinia na
jeszcze zadania
czytala
kazde
radze
ps przypadku
to pkt
test wyboru
eit
nawet tygodniu
miec
przyznal
artur
dudek
chyba raz
na liczby
ma ona
english file
sam to
na dwa
aha
laboratorium prowadzone
co to
chyba jedna
byc
brak tym
na tej
troche
wzorow
czyta wszystkich
testu na
regularnie
ostatni prowadzi
drugie
sa dwa
kogos
planem
statyki
zwykle prace
oraz odpowiedzi
chemia
pisac
spoleczna
kolo trzeba
kolo egzamin
polsku
borkowski
kolo jak
niemiecki
pierwszy ostatni
przeczytac
zostawia
koniec nie
konkretny
elektroniki
prowadzone zgodnie
bo to
to potrafi
je zwraca
roboty
em juz
sesji
wf
niej tym
tez do
kims
pana dr
ta pani
roku idzie
koniec robi
gadac
bierze pod
materialy
stronic
umiesz
robi test
idz
laborke
test ktory
preferowany
ten przedmiot
jednej brak
oprocz
samym tygodniu
punktow
miala
innych brak
egzaminu
dostac
mialo
radosza
wolna
tego pana
reszta
moja opinia
znamy
krotki
laborka
tylko razy
semestry
testy
przynajmniej na
na tzw
witam
ustny
kodu podczas
podobny do
egzaminem
ministrem
to sprawdza
mialam
jest angielski
oceniane
dziale
problem wychodzi
skrypt
laborki
uwage
protokoly
idzie na
sprawdzony
lubi osoby
koniec to
infy
dostawal
pan prof
prowadzone razem
spotkan
indeksie
notatek
tablicy
justyna
ocena
ocene
zdaje
pozdro
obecnosci
mialem
protokolu
prowadzony
razy ale
korzystac
sterta
prostu sie
rohleder
sobie przede
zostaja
byly kola
chodzic
referatu
ochoty
punkcie
dr hab
slowach
pania
punkty
em spokoj
go razy
kreslic
pkta
zgadzam
ustna
test spra
formie testu
mlody
dotyczy kursu
semestrze
sprawdza je
zgode
konkretnego
testu wyboru
ocen tych
na pierwszych
opiniami
lubi zadania
zadany
razem prof
wyboru od
najpierw kazdy
opuscic
zapowiedziane
zadanka
polecam english
planu albo
bilard
dr inf
tzw kola
ocenia tylko
elementow
skryptu
sprawdzana
zapomniec
kolo wszystkie
pisal em
podstawie ocen
oddac
przygotowanym
zadawal
opinia dotyczy
opinia kolegi
poziomie kraje
temat czasami
ulozone
przejsc
ii
juz koniec
comptona
oceny dol
przygotowanego
widzialem
czasami zapyta
sprawdza czasami
razy pierwsze
zbytnio
prowadzi filo
potem
program
dla
przy
projekt
roku
bardzo
praca
moje
sie
ich
em
dobrze
czy
dr
miasto
oraz
jego
problem
test
es
programy
tekst
tylko
lub
ok
kurs
jak
nic
nie
ja
komputer
przypadku
za
power
nigdy
od
teoria
je
na
warto
size
turniej
tak
no
min
kodu
do
pierwszy
wszystkie
lepiej
trzeba
kursu
jest
moze
biznes
file
jej
konto
mi
jeszcze
zadania
angielski
to
pod
pan
english
list
pisze
sa
terminie
soba
pytania
ta
ale
samo
np
aby
laboratorium
ze
nim
ma
nas
metoda
po
jestem
byl
zgodnie
forma
tu
nam
malo
bo
programu
bez
odpowiedzi
analize
ci
moja
termin
tygodniu
analiza
niz
przez
wszystkich
ten
dniu
chce
minut
co
maks
ps
point
doc
razem
zwykle
prace
punkt
prawda
planu
koniecznie
jedno
jaki
pozdrawiam
listy
systemie
mamy
polecam
wpis
wiem
sam
pierwsze
opinia
albo
ktory
temat
nawet
niej
innym
kraje
prof
czasem
wnioski
cos
pytanie
podczas
tym
jedynie
jednak
zrobi
innych
gdy
pkt
go
osoby
sekund
kola
byla
mgr
bylo
niego
jeden
pana
czasami
robi
tez
technologii
pani
dobra
wykonane
byly
dwa
dol
jednej
sobie
jedna
kazdy
czyta
testu
ona
zapyta
lubi
sumie
liczby
tzw
czym
egzamin
kolo
kilka
raz
trzy
typu
chyba
wszystkim
tej
innego
tego
drugim
podstawie
dra
oceny
juz
ostatni
kole
dotyczy
przedmiot
brak
raczej
bierze
przynajmniej
poziomie
pokaz
tych
najmniej
dopiero
pisal
spokoj
prowadzi
wyboru
pierwszym
kolegi
najpierw
samym
razy
koniec
ocen
potrafi
filo
kilku
hab
idzie
inf
zwraca
przyda
wszystkiego
gdyby
podobny
prowadzone
wychodzi
ocenia
spra
formie
pierwszych
prostu
sprawdza
przede
polega