nie zaliczyc
nie zdziwc
nie polecac
trudno byc
komplikowac nie
nie rozwiaziwac
niezrozumiale studentow
nie potrafic
nie zaliczyl
nie miec
nie byc
kompetnie nie
nie dac
nie mozny
ocena brak
byc trudny
sprawa nie
nie znajac
nie trafiac
nie nalezaec
nie przydadzic
niewspodziewajek egzamin
nie podpadac
miec trudny
ktory trudno
sa trudny
nie czytac
nie wnikac
nie prowadzic
nie chodzilam
nie wyszloyc
student nie
chodzic nie
wyklada nie
caloksztalt nie
problemow nie
nie dawac
nie wytlumaczyc
nie podobac
zjeci nie
nie naciagac
wyklad nie
no chyba
no lekko
kolo nie
nie darowac
wogole nie
nie oplacac
niezrozumiale nic
prowadzic niezrozumiale
nie zasnac
czlowiek nie
byc nieprzystepna
nie warto
ktor nie
student nieprzyjazny
wyklada niezrozumiale
nie wstawiac
juz nie
niewyrazc nie
rowniez trudnosc
nieprzyjazny ten
nie oblej
trudnosc byc
nie mialam
nie mozna
ocena unikac
nie wyniesc
mial nie
ten nie
nie uznawac
niespodziewajka brak
btw nie
sluzbistka nie
nie dziwiedziec
wole nie
jezel nie
nie wart
jesli nie
ogolnie nie
nieprzystepna plotkowac
lekko nie
wyklad niezrozumiac
zasnac nie
no moze
zaliczac brak
rada nie
punktow nie
ty nie
ocenic skomplikowan
minuta nie
nie zamierzac
bardzo niemic
analize zaliczyc
tez nie
nie straszny
nie bylo
to nie
nie pospic
bryja nie
nie bezposrednio
trudnosc na
nie umiec
nie porozmawiac
nauczyc nieeeeeeee
bardzo niesprawiedliwy
tak potrafic
nie unikniesz
dobieg nie
nie oddal
tak uczyc
odechciewac brak
unikiac nie
rownanie nie
tak nie
niektorz nie
juza nie
trudny chodz
bez uproscic
wiec nie
indeksow nie
niektory zadanie
trudno
absolutnie nie
nie do
niezrozumiale
trudny choc
nie sa
ze nie
kurs analiza
nie chciec
gorniak nie
nieee no
on nie
moze nie
analiza wyklada
bez problem
rozmawiac nie
nie za
duzo nie
brak podobno
nie spotykac
hehe no
ten niechec
zrozumiec ten
latwy nie
brak niewspodziewajek
niewiele mozny
metr byc
dobrze nie
nie nie
nie pamietac
doktor byc
nie lubic
nie nadawac
ten prosty
pan nie
nie zapytac
ktory nigdy
trudny ale
prosty co
tyle nie
niezla jazde
czlowiek no
trudny jak
kosmicznie trudny
wy nie
niezrozumiac
byc test
nudny nie
czesto profesor
ksiazka nic
calkowica nieprzyjazny
wykrelsc ten
analiza wyklad
zaliczyc bez
niezrozumiac przepisowac
brak ja
prosty zadanie
nikt nie
banalny zadanie
zaliczen brak
doktor miec
nauczyc niebardzo
bo nie
szczegoly nic
nie wiedziec
ja nie
nieprzyjazny wykladowca
sie nie
analiza na
trudny
prosto zadanie
prowadzic bez
trudnosc jak
byc strasznie
egzamin zalezec
mowic nic
no ale
obliczac skomplikowany
stopien trudnosc
chyba niebardzo
nie powiedzial
zeby nie
programowanie nie
ten chociaz
ani nie
miec doktor
zadanie byc
podobny trudnosc
ksiezyc ocena
nie po
tak prosto
brak beznadziejny
beznadziejny nie
doktor chyba
jakos nie
godzina nie
byc bardzo
tresc zadanie
studenci ktory
malo nie
egzamin byc
zadanie komplikowac
metr zaliczyc
kursuatematyczny cw
kto metr
nie widziec
tak nudno
trudny system
ze analize
nie powiedziec
doktor czesto
sprawdzac bo
problem niektory
kolokwiac niespodziewajka
byc zaliczyc
naprawde nie
linike nie
termin profesor
byc niesamowica
ukladac zadanie
doktor dosc
dziwny zadanie
miec bardzo
zaliczyc unikac
ten kolokwiow
student szkodnik
student szanujc
oceniac poniewaz
unikajcie dac
generalnie nie
miec metr
troszke trudniejsze
zadanie chyba
nie motywowac
termin egzamin
nie wiadomo
zaliczyc byc
skonczyc zadanie
analiza matematyczny
labork ocena
egzamin znadc
popieprzona analize
doktor smieje
nic nie
bo sprawdzac
potrafic byc
lektorat jaki
trudniejsze aaa
metr skreslic
bez zajakniecia
nieprzystepna
sruba bez
caly lektorat
ale nie
strasznie miec
osiowy nikt
kolokwium byc
byc zero
najgorszy byc
nikt
ocena mierny
beznadziejnie diagnoza
unikniesz pozaostawac
ale nieee
nic to
byc tak
kto doktor
metr okazja
ciezko ocenic
zaliczyc tak
sie msc
on niezla
sam nie
nuda sprawdzac
wymyslny nie
sie egzamin
no poprost
nigdy sie
ktora sprawdzac
bez przewry
no
bajorek doktor
student ciezko
stopien trudnosci
choc niektorz
profesor powtarzac
godzina bez
taki test
egzamin przeszlo
msc ogolnie
miec malo
docent miec
angielski nie
niebardzo on
zadamoe nic
unikac uciekac
nieco komplikowac
unikniesz
bez przerwa
zadanie ten
on niewiele
potrafic nauczyc
doktor beata
sporo nauka
szkoda ten
zadanie ktory
masakra zadanie
nieo spojrz
przedmiot nikt
kolokwiahc bo
sposob oceniac
zdolny studenci
polecac zadanie
potrafic wykladac
metr rutkowskac
nie olewac
omijac tak
tak trwac
brak poczucie
co miec
redajca doktor
on sprawdzac
nie
potrafic zaliczyc
zamiast byc
niefajny zniechecil
strasznie zadko
zbytnio dogadac
zeby zrozumiec
student szczegolnie
niektrory studentow
niektory strasznie
on analiza
caly zadanie
doktor maria
na analize
dac kolo
ten zaliczyc
zapowiedziac nie
nic ten
strasznie niefajny
kolo byc
egzamin ktory
doktor inza
kurs ocena
nieee
prz metr
niesprawiedliwy
na egzamin
smy zadanie
ocena ogolny
nieeeeeeee podstawa
bardzo wyskoko
unikac zdanie
niesprawiedliwy system
sie test
unikac na
kolokwia stosunkowo
bez sens
skonczylo sie
nigdy nie
kolokwi sprawa
tak rozowo
to uczyc
mijac minuta
metr on
nieo
ocena odradzac
profesor weglinski
czytac ten
milutki potrafic
miec problem
osobiska nie
byc tragicznie
mozny jedynie
bardzo na
nic sie
malo kto
kolokwia tylko
studentow twisted
on bardzo
glos bez
nieeeeeeee
kolokwium zaliczac
doktor radojewski
zrozumiec jaki
analize ii
zarzadzac ocen
potrafic dodac
przeszkadzana zajecie
ocenianie to
nie powinien
umiec metr
dr inz
czekalo ten
zadanie on
zadanie co
ustny egzamin
egzamin podstawowy
nie wyobrazac
doktor konsultacja
jak nie
ocen dobrze
zadani skrypt
chociaz troszke
tu szczegolnie
wstawiac ocena
humoruz ogolny
sprawdzac to
on nigdy
stwarzac problem
zniechecil niektory
jozef dr
stosunkowo malo
kartka potrafic
student jes
zero zaliczac
analiza niby
trudnosc
bardzo dziwic
raczej nie
zadanie to
matematyczny kolo
bawic tak
mozna kompetnie
potrafic sie
rozwiazywac zadanie
ciezki zadanie
kolokwium na
bo straszy
zadanie na
zdac kolo
byc beznadziejny
to skonczylo
to przeczytac
nieprzyjazny
ktory zaliczyc
laborek byc
test ktory
unikac za
rzez potrafic
mowi tak
ten kartkowka
taki byc
unikac wyrywac
strasznie jezdzil
miary bezstresowo
bycie chociaz
ktory zdecydowanie
to bardzo
prowadzic byc
problem zaliczanie
miec dosc
byc taki
bezstresowo on
angielski ocena
rozwiazac zadanie
podstawa ocena
rozwiazowac zadanie
straciec byc
zadanie kartka
ocena ten
mozliwy no
zawsze potrafic
studentow po
minuta polecac
unikac on
ideal nie
minuta stac
system oceniac
czyli nie
test sprawdzajace
dobry ocena
po egzamin
siakos tak
algebra byc
zwrot nie
brac strasznie
zadanie dostawac
rowniez to
wielki problem
ten nuda
za prosty
byc ja
pani doktor
byc ntomiast
potrafic wytumaczyc
dac ja
wyklad byc
niektory jesli
dac bo
miec ten
trudny materialy
byc dac
tak ten
problem zaliczeen
byc milutki
niesamowica ciezko
skomplikowany rownanie
zabraknac ty
szkodnik unikac
wyklad co
prowadzaca byc
tragedia student
dosc dziwny
trudnosci
byc na
kosmiczny nie
miec tyl
skrypt lecz
byc wyklad
uproscic kolokwium
to unikajcie
dac sie
kto tak
skomplikowany
byc napisal
nauczyc sie
unikac ten
chociaz wydawac
egzamin wlasciwie
niebardzo podstawa
bardzo ja
analiza
trudniejsze
test wielokrotny
co chodzic
ktory miec
byc sposob
mialo problem
byc moc
sie nauczyc
biedny student
ze byc
konsultacja cyt
oceniac zawsze
ten czlowiek
co miernika
test na
trudnosci zapowiedziac
potrafic przerwac
tragicznie nudny
msc
dziewczyna byc
zerowy calkowica
skrypt na
cwiczenie ocena
ten ktory
kolokwium ktore
uciekac to
profesor
niezle napracowac
polecac byc
skala pkta
niespodziewajka
wyklad nudny
babka absolutnie
zaliczyc isc
unikac zaliczen
sie zadanie
byc ty
do egzamin
niechec spowodowac
skonczyc on
godzinka wykrelsc
klucic bo
byc chyba
chodzic bo
dlaczego bardzo
swoj skrypt
zdziwc sie
kto miec
studentow uwal
zadanie udac
ale zadanie
co czekalo
brak
zaliczenie problemow
metr od
poczucie humoruz
kolokwi na
komplikowac tutaj
bladzic zadanie
potrafic tlumaczyc
kursutematyczny cwiczec
byc sluzbistka
konsultacja co
laborka co
doczepic dac
podyktowac zadanie
miec smy
ocena to
spowodowac byc
miernik co
sposob nudny
osobowosc ocena
tlumaczec byc
ten byc
ja choc
egzamin to
miec on
chyba ze
byc czesciowo
jeden zadanie
zdawalnosc kolokwi
mozna miec
sie mozny
warto chodzic
zadanie po
mozny sie
student czas
malo punkt
siedzic sprawdzac
ciezko cokolwiek
myslec em
matematyczny wyklad
smiac sie
byc elelktryczny
czesto miec
na student
ktory byc
sprawa sie
byc chaotyczny
cw na
bo byc
co dziac
byc moze
stracic nudny
dziwic sie
ze miec
na byc
laborka prowadzic
odradzac ten
ktor miec
byc em
kalkulator wink
byc wielki
isc na
skomplikowan osobowosc
ktory mog
nie czyli
rozwiazac niektory
ale ocenianie
sprawdzajace wiedz
jedyny zloty
bezposrednio stycznosc
dst unikac
zaliczyc kolokwia
uczac sie
szybko niewyrazc
miec sie
byc nieziemski
miec to
usypiac malo
prowadzic miec
szansa zrozumiec
ocena sredni
co tydzienc
sie miec
wykladowca akademia
doktor liliac
bylo strasznie
smierc na
potrafic wytlumaczyc
niektory czlowiek
przynajmniej potrafic
kolokwiow ciezko
pan doktor
odradzac jakikolwiek
zaliczec byc
dostawac byc
zadanie robic
plotkowac obgadowac
wyniesc ten
miec ogolny
kochac chemia
tydzien nudny
dziwny na
sie klucic
wytlumaczyc bo
problem pokazywac
pierwszy kolokwium
niewyrazc
kazimierz jozef
nad zadanie
byc wyscig
analize evil
na kolokwiahc
przepisowac zadanie
ktory zdac
co co
beznadziejny byc
miec wszystko
moze ten
wiedza zaliczyc
mowy byc
nudny spac
sprawdzac kto
wytrwalosc zaliczyc
robic zadanie
ktore byc
czlek to
metr powerpoint
byc masakra
czesto sie
nauczac sam
cwiczenie unikac
bo kto
liczaca kalkulator
postawa test
byc kartkowka
facet potrafic
prowadzacym co
zaliczyc em
zadanie punkt
polecac co
niemic dla
sie zagadnienie
inny byc
malcher kazimierz
ale brac
koszmar tyle
byc miara
konsultacja to
indeksow godzina
bo mowic
podstawa kursuatematyczny
nigdy
na kolokwium
byc grozny
ktore robic
polecac bo
elelktryczny to
prosty
przyklad ten
kolo na
problem osobiscie
co robic
dr
zrozumiec
znadc na
jesli tyklo
tylko smieszyc
nud malo
cokolwiek zanotowac
tylko na
ten sposob
byc on
koncu byc
kolo wpisow
zadanie jak
tylko zle
potrafic przyczepic
mowo tu
wykladzie bo
skomplikowan
sie przerabiac
byc juz
doktor
unikac jak
miec ugoda
kolo jesli
potrafic genialnie
sie zaliczyc
nawet prosty
byc dobrze
tyg byc
miec jesli
koles tragiczny
mowic ze
dopiero na
arytmetyczny moj
kolokwiac na
muy
kurs ktory
wszystko kazda
oceniac
sluchac tylko
przerywac bo
cwiczec na
na egzamie
ciezko zaliczac
miec inny
polecac ja
jesli byc
byc rowniez
byc lepsi
zero tragedia
weglinska dac
oddal dodac
wszystek zajec
ja grac
jakby byc
byc facet
jesli miec
jedynie sposob
wiega miec
poniewaz zdolny
moc tak
co sie
wartosciow kolokwi
on zbytnio
zalezec na
zajecie nastepny
sie tylko
zadanie przez
sie zachaczac
ale tak
co ten
trzeba miec
zaliczyc es
byc porownywalny
prowadzic dosc
nudny na
muy przyznac
sprawdzac obecnosc
miec swoj
byc obecnosc
byc to
zaliczac on
egzamin ilosc
ktos miec
matematyczny cwiczenie
obecnosc byc
prowadzic labork
kolokwium juza
byc system
reszta zadanie
byc zaliczec
miec dobrze
on skrypt
udalo sie
pocwiczyc to
zaliczyc wiekszosc
byc potwierdzny
mial konkretny
ten prz
nauczyc ale
wkrecajac sruby
na nieo
potrafic
gosc mozny
co kto
metr wtedy
bardzo dobrze
to doktor
wykladac wszystko
metr
kolokwia wiec
prowadzic laborki
tyklo mozec
miec dobry
pierwszy kolo
co do
beznadziejny unikac
matematyczny ii
niefajny
czytac uwazac
zamiast godzina
doktor jet
ty moze
straszny nud
czlowiek miec
ogolnie miec
okolo unikac
dawac dziwny
albo nie
humor sie
zaliczyc na
zloty konsultacja
bo czlowiek
twoj zdanie
dac minus
nei uczac
zadanie przy
polowy studentow
naprawde bardzo
tak sie
odradzac bo
zadanie glowa
rzecz zerowy
jesli czytac
ten zajecia
ale zadko
bylo miec
okolo podsumowywac
nudny wyjatki
zadko poniewaz
frekfencja test
cosa wartosciow
zadanie generalnie
dac punkt
miec wiedza
naprawde byc
bardzo
wszystko prowadzic
kursuatematyczny
konkretow co
bez
jesli zabraknac
chamski zdecydowanie
bo sie
sie na
wlasciwie zerowy
on zaliczajac
ty na
nudno bo
lektorat
labork miernik
zrobic to
wstanin nauczyc
prowadzic rowniez
niewielki wprowadzic
niewspodziewajek
jezel chodzic
bo uwaza
dobrze zostawac
kolokwiow ciagle
miernik na
analize
rada unikac
miec calkowita
wszystko zalezec
inny ukladac
to zrobic
studenci
wynik zamiast
odraz kazac
ocena indeks
ale na
miec szanka
szeloch kurs
miec wlasc
zwiazek to
porownywalny zadani
robil kurs
kolo pierwszy
ogolny podejszc
co sam
zagadnienie sposob
to czlek
zadc konkretow
czlowiek mysle
nic
sa punkt
poniewaz na
bo slyszec
wiedziec skad
tylko jesli
tak
juza tylko
poczatek choc
drugi kolokwium
oszczednosc kazdy
juz wiedziec
malo istotny
humoruz
byc zasada
ale napisac
miec wiega
mozny przerywac
bardzo osobisty
uczyc jednak
skrypt sam
beznadziejny kolokwia
zaliczyc wogole
istotny byc
ocenic
wiec dobieg
szanujc ja
lecz na
czy potrafic
choc na
lub egzamin
zajecie mimo
ten prostrzy
ze ten
sie mocno
grac chyb
ktory chyba
byc
ocene co
tylko mozliwy
ten temat
powinnno byc
usilc sie
diagnoza
uwazac ze
on zechciec
unikac
punkt ujemny
dosc dobrze
termin zdac
maj sie
kartkowka na
moze podyktowac
wiekszosc kartkowka
ktorza maj
zdecydowanie odradzac
przepisowac skrypt
co tyg
powec cosa
ten podstawa
napisal co
robilismy zadanie
na kolokwi
juz min
isc zasnac
ja odrzucic
chyba ktos
zostawac kto
polecenie jedynie
chyba wogole
program ktore
komplikowac
rozmowa student
bo zeby
sie prowadzic
za przeszkadzana
programowanie bo
kurs podstawa
polecac straciec
dawac niewielki
inny zaliczyc
to rozmawiac
smieszyc ja
wyklad zaliczac
ciagle robic
skrypt linik
chodzic on
prezentacja metr
jaki miec
to tylko
moj rada
pkta ten
ostatni zadanie
cenic poniewaz
gosciu miec
zajec raczej
zwlaszczac na
sie posmiac
sie wszystek
tresc wyklad
dobry humor
kolokwi sa
do student
glowa obliczac
zeby miec
es na
to przyczepiac
trzymac sie
moze mily
takowy mozesh
zajecia absurdalny
na iii
chcial dac
stosunkowo
ze na
wyklad to
on kurs
srednie arytmetyczny
wykopac ja
jakis godzinka
mozec mial
problemow
jezec chodzic
latwo bo
byc inaczej
znerwiyc zadaz
wytlumaczyc to
diagnoza pacjent
kolokwiow czas
pierwszy skonczyc
zadawac program
pojecie czesto
nic wiecej
labork istny
uwazac sie
niezla
sa beznadziejny
potocznie jan
kolo to
czesto opierac
jezdzil zwlaszczac
niemic
podsumowywac jesli
polecac on
nauczyc wedlug
byl moj
dziwiedziec sie
ii tylko
ja prokurator
ntomiast ograniczyc
mial on
sprawdzac
dac
na jedynie
on zalezec
bezposrednio
bryja byc
wszystek wykladowca
laborka moc
by metr
matematyczny
zasnac labork
porozmawiac bo
dziac sie
decydowac rowniez
wiecej nie
zyczyc wytrwalosc
na konsultacja
jesliktos na
szybko muy
ale najgorszy
on uciekalc
sie bawic
odbywalo sie
punkta kosztowac
programowac bo
na kolokwia
ja na
prokurator na
dac za
na algebra
ten sam
podejszc do
bo na
moze ja
elektryczny nudny
twisted zdecydowanie
najgorszy
drobniejy szczegoly
zasada byc
ciezko na
wynik kolokwiow
sie chodzic
na tresc
niektorz
mozna dowiedziec
zaliczec kolokwiac
bo ten
podstawa kursutematyczny
byc latwo
dobrze zrobic
bawic sie
trzeba usilc
kosztowac on
jesli mozeec
moment byc
skad ten
jaki robic
jezyk wogole
sie starac
chyba niski
wszelka cene
byc wstanin
zaliczec wszystek
ktos robic
ogolny chaos
niewiele
zawsze miec
sie scierac
tytulem kalk
cwiczenia myslec
calkowita dobrze
kolegow ktor
kurs zwiazek
robic kartkowka
chyba on
wyskoko sie
oj zdenerwowal
jet bardzo
sie juz
chyba okolo
etc sprawdzac
gosc na
dosc samozapracie
byc wiele
endeesty omijac
zaliczac sie
grpaa smierc
on omijac
szykoj sie
juz dobrze
unikajcie
drpa jesli
tablica wiec
niebardzo
banalny
poczatek to
zajecie chaotyczny
sens nic
malo ciekawie
kolo podobny
przegowniac on
ciag dziwic
on jedyny
zly to
napisac stryc
ja kol
on oszczednosc
student
miec mowa
byc jak
gabka wiekszosc
wqrwial to
zaliczec laborek
nie rozwijajacy
httpwwwntifpwrwrocplkwazardefaulthtm
robic sie
zero
on zamiast
byc wymyslny
zmieniac tresc
unikiac
czlowiek ktor
ocena
zaliczeen kolokwi
cw
aaa on
normalny godzina
trzeba chodzic
prowadzic zajecie
byc latwy
straszy wyrzucen
typa na
wnikac dlaczego
sam czesto
niechec
beznadziejny tylko
cio obowiazowac
prawdopodobnie byc
sam robic
tylko pani
byc juza
ciagu zajec
uciekac za
chociaz
komputerowy labork
raz co
wyklad prowadzic
twisted jezec
uciekajt od
dodac odbywalo
dogadac on
tak szybko
dobrze wyklad
miec umiec
ja sie
inz fizykac
kolokwium
sie ten
jakikolwiek
chodzic jesli
trzeba robic
zadaz zadamoe
kazac isc
polegac na
na minuta
problem
drugi kolo
bywaja taki
ale ja
cene mowi
przeszkadzana
strasznie
choc punkt
laka na
dwa kurs
absolutnie
zniechecil
czlowiek ktorza
to byc
dziewczyna choc
inza co
miec pojecia
opierac sie
niski laka
kurs powtorowy
ujemny dziek
tablica my
heh trzeba
ten rzecz
kolokwiahc
sie cenic
myslec
ton glos
mozna sam
trwac em
symetri za
obliczac
miec przyjemnosc
kto zle
swoj tyle
ktory on
oto przyklad
wszystek stwarzac
jesli bedzieshc
gadanie godny
kto wyklad
studentow
napisac swoj
miec ale
prosto
bedzieshc pisal
ten pierwszy
sam wyklad
zajec na
jeden fraktal
poprawka ten
mielismy godzina
jakies to
jedynie tylko
wiedziec co
sporo
wazna byc
co on
czlowiek chyba
oplacac sie
jedynie
przerwa to
chaotyczny ciezko
sie pojawic
wyklad ja
kartke trzeba
wogole mowy
tresc
to czlowiek
mianownika bawic
na to
moc juz
niesamowica
janicki kurs
mial latwiejsza
na co
obowiazowac na
to miec
sam zeswirowac
wydzierac sie
nalezaec na
tez cio
chciec zaliczyc
dostac em
okolo kartkowko
rutkowskac co
raczej przepisowac
raz bo
sie wszystko
chciec ja
wiec dobrze
egzamie ale
zrobic musialyb
zbytnio
uczyc widac
regulka ksiazka
wemif na
indeksy po
miec specyficzny
co miernictwo
sie doslownie
dosc
punkt wczystko
ten osobnik
wszystek os
pozaostawac zyczyc
dupa miec
zechciec powec
poprawka kolokwiow
tablica przechodzic
rowniez zajecia
miary szybko
dla student
sie jeden
sprawdzajace
niz raz
cokolwiek
ii termin
za stracic
na ten
udac ja
chcialac skonczyc
iii termin
przeczytac dom
cenny godzina
ksiazka zaliczec
uzytkowy koszmar
kalkulator
to na
co tydzien
juz po
mijac
policzek bo
spokojnie gosc
sobisty drpa
pisal takowy
zaliczenie mozna
zadanie
ocenianie
tragiczny usypiac
podstawa zarzadzac
potrafic wykorzystac
trzeba oddac
wyklad mial
dlatego chyba
nadawac sie
dawno byc
kol moze
nijak miec
generalnie koles
na sporo
podpadac on
hardcore na
miec powolac
szanka na
daleko byc
masakry zawsze
powiedziec tak
kazimierz
ja ten
malo czas
na ksiezyc
kto inny
is sposob
zerowy
zjecie trzeba
raga trzymac
tylko dopiero
zaliczyc podstawa
dosc duzo
caly godzina
sie dodawac
pan raczej
choc bywaja
okazja on
on wiedziec
przepuscic po
uznawac zadnuch
zaliczyc ale
tylko
wyznaczyc termin
predkosc rozwiazowac
sie godzina
minuta
zadac tematyka
latwo zdobyc
swiat matematyczny
jak miec
kol zaliczylo
bol wyklad
chciec miary
trzeba duzo
do zero
kto jerzy
musiec napluc
sie nieco
slajd na
mowic odradzac
dziwny
tyl programowanie
poczucie humor
co pan
majaca on
srednio raz
sprawdzac przed
kursutematyczny
pisak drugi
zawierac sie
nud
czlowiek wkurz
co
balagan jeden
szybko indeksy
cos doczepic
indeks zaliczec
sposob prowadzic
kol sa
kurs jak
przyjemnosc miec
chaos balagan
zajakniecia sie
sie programowac
miec
zakonczeniem laborek
czyli skala
niby kurs
co cwiczenie
kurs angielski
dobit sam
kartkowka przyczepiac
podobac ja
rzecz ktory
zle wychodzic
byc przez
program pod
ja bie
isc
przerabiac zawierac
twoj szansa
zegarek mijac
zaliczyl robil
bo patrzec
dziek ktory
po co
zaliczec na
bac
darowac prowadzic
byc pani
sruba gwint
miec cwiczenie
godzina ciag
robic na
przewry to
docent
cwiczeniowy no
wiec
jan miernik
co to
taki to
on na
smieje dst
niektory zwrot
urly byc
dobrze tlumnaczyl
powiedziec krotko
ze bryja
ulubiony slowo
powiedzial zadc
zdac najwiecej
sa typ
uczac
mimo iz
mily ale
ten dostal
kolokwia poprawka
tdzien pisac
gwint naleza
jedyny
sie zastanowil
caly zajecie
by byc
prowadzic zajecia
bic
ogolny podejscie
ten pani
istny rzez
osobisty sprawa
robic po
co tdzien
humor to
moj najwiekszi
juz on
na laborka
termin jesli
dowiedziec sie
skrawek kartka
zrobic smy
plotkowac
przeczytac
ugoda na
poszczegolny zajec
naciagac punktow
przyspieszony kurs
siebie musiec
sa kosmicznie
to dac
juz wspominal
kwazar pod
czlowiek oj
zajecie pod
miec szansa
oznaczac ze
miernika oczywiscie
podstawa kursui
dobrze rekorodowo
do kolo
bo pani
chodzic zaliczec
laborki mowo
heh
klucic
chemia
wszechwiedzaca na
wyciaga srednie
osoba byc
ktory rysowac
ograniczyc ciag
byc nawet
przyczepiac sie
zadko cos
wspominal ciezko
zaliczac
sam ustalac
arytmetyczny
totalny beznadziej
do nauczac
zeby zalic
skreslic lista
ten przypadek
my zrobil
odrobka wykopac
dopiero
zajec trzeba
po minuta
ale wszystko
az do
to wyslac
duzo siedziec
kolokwiow
jesli chciec
to mielismy
wykladowca robic
chyb ltraf
szkoda
uczyc
brac pod
spadaj praktycznie
trzeba sie
ciezko dowiedziec
mial teraz
wlasc na
sie wzielo
chodzic gosciu
srednio podobal
lza na
zrobil chyba
zaliczyc generalnie
wydzial is
przyklada sa
bezstresowo
sie swoj
wyklad beznadziejny
zdanie uwazac
nauka modl
koles do
pani prowadzic
btw
poczatk programowanie
humor jak
duzo na
miec przepros
ja on
ponad indeksow
sposob oblewac
koniec zaliczyc
aaa
swoj zdanie
grozic za
kolo
dobrze tlumaczy
wart sie
malo
cwiczenie idzesz
stac zegarek
niby dac
tyle raz
tydzienc jakies
beaty wprowadzic
nauczac
dlugopis trzeba
znadc
pani ty
ii wyklad
wytumaczyc trzeba
godzina wiec
przyklad weglinska
zdobyc punkt
bylo kartke
chodzic drobniejy
czas przepuscic
wyrzucen sala
robic uwazac
sie wynik
osoba kolo
kolo gdzie
kierowac swoj
nudny
skala
nudny pokaz
tyl wzglad
jaki jezyk
kazdy skrawek
mozeec to
zalic popieprzona
mysle to
osob miec
osobnik laborka
jeden ten
jakis dziewczyna
tez hehe
mog przystapic
wszystko sam
szybko wyklad
jesli sie
tablica dawac
mog
juz naprawde
analny to
ale sam
to pierwszy
wejscie dowod
za ten
lekko
to unikac
jeden reka
chodzilam na
naprawde niezle
reczny to
tematyka ogolnie
maria szeloch
mial
maly liczba
krotko pan
dziwic
kompetnie
cwiczenio za
zrobilam wielki
odradzac juz
smierc
slyszec em
dobrze zeby
sie do
ogolc okolo
zachaczac zaliczec
beznadziejny zdawalnosc
podstawa zadawac
absurdalny
przyklad ciagu
cos podob
ze zasada
zdenerwowal trochy
ja to
wywolywac na
zaliczac cada
zeby to
to mowic
poza kolokwia
szczegolnie na
taki
porzadek dobrze
jakies zaliczec
zaliczajac
podobal wyklada
powtarzac sie
na laborek
wszystko jeden
uwazac za
oddawac wyznaczyc
wyklad wogole
taki dwa
kurs material
skrypt
duzo mowic
ten post
system srednio
ciag dzien
reka pisak
jesli ktos
jedynie osoba
do indeksow
jak zrobic
umiec prowadzic
na docent
jaki sie
na tablica
pozno sie
konkretny pojecia
gadanie
potrafic dodatkowo
kartkowka ale
zdanie prowadzacym
ktos chciec
zdac okolo
cwiczen on
naleza narysowac
on kierowac
zdecydowanie by
tragicznie
podejscie do
sie naprawde
szczor kto
zajecia robic
krotko
rada jesli
dziewczyna pierwszy
tlumaczyc ale
kto
oj
mozny
egzamin
jestesc super
zalezec od
skonczylo
bo to
genialnie czlowiek
uciekalc jak
on okazywal
cada jezel
sie dziewczyna
zdenerwowal jakies
tlumaczy ale
miec przynajmniej
glupa gadanie
ile robic
sie on
mozesh bedziesh
na ii
musialyb przechodzic
pierwszy cwiczenia
jerzy bajorek
na on
punkt niz
zdziwc
sie przyczepic
szczescie mozna
krystyczny srodek
wykrelsc
zadc
trochy czlowiek
moj
sprawa
laborek kosmiczny
smiej lza
oddal
zdanie na
ale naprawde
cie oblej
koniec ten
ale za
zamierzac to
to taki
pierwszy trzeba
kochac
inny prowadzic
na termin
dostal miary
ciekawie zdenerwowal
smy
kolokwi
motywowac ten
cwiczenie co
mialam to
ale trzeba
ktos inny
marek okreslic
zaliczanie poszczegolny
sie za
ja za
wiadomo co
temat angielski
sie ze
byc jeszcze
choc
rysowac wkrecajac
wzielo przyklada
niektory
po niektory
poniewaz pol
ja szczerze
pod tablica
zajecia algebry
na zadac
tyle
tak szeroki
specyficzny sposob
ogolnie odradzac
prowadzacy przyklad
kosmos ja
cena jesli
podsumowywac
ja pan
na
to dostawac
miernictwo elektroniczny
na wyklada
jesli jestesc
zdecydowanie
wyklad polegac
podstawa cie
doslownie regulka
cyt
wychodzilem znerwiyc
minus siadac
utwierdzily ja
mily
egzamie
grupe potrafic
beznadziejny ogolny
konsultacja
pierwszy lawka
zanotowac na
raz odradzac
rozny mianownika
wczystko do
bo
ksiezyc
podejszc
ten nazwisko
uwal duzo
technika komputerowy
sie to
jakikolwiek kontakt
slajdow sruba
znany jezyk
cio
elektroniczny cwiczenie
wiekszosc
jak juz
zedytowalac posta
dwa maly
zaliczyc pan
robic przepisowac
wkurz rada
dzien sesja
indywidualny odpytke
pan smiac
rozwiaziwac do
samozapracie by
twoj
prowadzacy utwierdzily
zawrotny predkosc
os symetri
to ze
ten ten
pan byc
bo mar
szczegoly
urlo httpwwwntifpwrwrocplkwazardefaulthtm
sie daleki
wyslac na
trafiac do
szczegolnie poczatk
wyklad przepisowac
sam inny
tablica wink
odradzac gosc
oblej jezel
przydadzic na
oznaczac
na dobit
swoj maszyna
pani ten
inny ale
nastepny rok
osobiscie zrobilam
indeksow
lawka on
godzina cwiczenie
bedziesh mial
ja przykry
chaos
pojecia programowac
chodz goscie
mozec
jazde chcial
tyklo
jes
smiac
ukladac
szansa spadaj
dla niektory
uzbierac punkt
ty
inny prowadzacy
uciekajt
hehe
sesja zeby
dodatek wogole
na ktory
on smiej
dodac
chyb
oceniac albo
wszelki cena
wyklada cwiczen
sie gubic
algebra
polecac siakos
przypadek ten
jeden ton
lubic sie
to moze
narysowac wybrzuszic
straszy
zdac
on sluchac
zajecia prowadzaca
wpisow do
przyczepic sie
na wszystko
szansa pogadac
przepuscic kilka
wyslac ja
jes jakis
poswiecac na
czlek
za to
wprowadzic do
tematyczny opowiesc
dawac za
obecnosc decydowac
rekorodowo to
chyba
na zjecie
zadko
brac
ktory stopien
iii
dawac ciezki
tablica bladzic
zaliczec wyklad
jezyk stanowczo
wogole
to jeden
ogolny pan
beznadziej babka
pisac sa
co by
mysle
nuda
moze
straszny
na wyklad
pamietac zeby
szczescie btw
obecnosc ktora
kto pierwszy
niewielki
wszystek
na lepsz
opinia ten
na poczatek
on zaden
ten pan
wyklad odradzac
on dlugopis
do bac
sruby
juza trzeba
algebry to
pan przeznaczyc
on bawic
chyba siebie
mozna
test pytanie
kalk
przepisowac swoj
nauczyc
by dac
test
zaliczenie punkt
sposob jaki
zaliczeen dosc
sredni wysoki
praktycznie do
rozowo ogolnie
drugi twoj
miernictwo elektryczny
dowod sobisty
termin to
jak przegowniac
ktory nijak
jak beznadziejny
jesli kiedykolwiek
na na
mowic indywidualny
cie
pan juz
wyjatki jeden
kartkowko potem
lecz
mimo
jakos udalo
jakos on
wiedziec swoj
trzeba bylo
wybor bo
oto
pielgrzymke do
irenka znany
symetri
pod redajca
kiedykolwiek dorwe
chemia organiczny
tutaj juza
pani endeesty
jak beznadziejnie
oblewac okolo
dowod na
pan srednio
osoba przepuscic
dobro rada
podob nei
elektryczny dawac
praktycznie
pisac jakies
tyl
to oznaczac
miec wybor
drpa
sie uzbierac
grac
niezle
zajec do
on prowadzacy
czesto
wychodzic rund
rysoowac sruba
mierny
fraktal wyklad
bic osiowy
szczerze mowic
marek to
to malo
kolokwiac
zajecie przez
chaotyczny do
wszyscy wiedziec
lepsz ocene
ciagle pochrzakiwanie
potocznie
porownac na
miernik
em ze
sie porozumiec
wykladac
on ciagle
do ja
em bo
zostawac
reczny ktore
skonczyc
sposob bycie
min
beznadziejny beznadziejny
zaliczylo osob
cosa
cene
pan na
beata radojewski
do wszystek
mierny dopuszczajacy
pytanie banalny
mowic
ktor
mocno wygimnastykowac
sam koniec
juszkiewicz potocznie
kazda poprawiac
robic zmieniac
wogole ale
miernika
czytac
trzymac
sa
wemif wyklad
co ekonomia
zlecac zadan
szansa na
pani irenka
dobrze reszta
humor
koniec wyklad
od skonczylo
dopuszczajacy totalny
porozumiec bryja
po ii
my
ten prezentacja
zadac przez
szal zaliczenie
punkt to
poczatek dobro
zawsze wychodzilem
em
nei
zaliczylo
posta twisted
wiedziec jak
przy tablica
oszczednosc
stanowczo odradzac
zapytac odraz
mialo
srednio
zamiast
wiekszosc czas
luk rok
robic przyklad
ulubiony
odbywalo
polecac
inny wazna
rysowac sie
facet to
ktore powinien
algebry liniowa
pytac caly
miec jeszcze
pod tytulem
niektrory
pani na
na ale
podstawa zaliczec
godny polecenie
to ty
ale jakos
byc grupa
normalny
na wykladzie
to tez
przyczepic jesliktos
posmiac
to normalny
sredni urlo
kolokwia
liniowa na
na pierwszy
to masakry
latwy ale
ocene ogolc
grozny pan
stryc
za wszelka
patrzec sie
pan jesli
za caloksztalt
pierwszy spaczenie
gwint balbalbal
na zajecie
pod uwaga
miron bedzie
liczba pierwszy
on naprawde
wrecz chamski
to grozic
posmiac przeciwny
wyklad elektryczny
luk jak
indeksy
pozno na
meczyc biedny
dowiedziec zawsze
dwa przyklad
edukacyjny kwazar
tu
masakra
czeeee powiedziec
do on
sie dom
przepros kartke
koles
zaliczajac osoba
on robic
poprost szkoda
modl sie
lubic hardcore
ja
zyczyc
chodzic do
podac przyklad
dogadac
przy co
losowo dowod
bo jeszcze
nastepny
miary
osob mialo
to napisac
zaliczyc osoba
czas trzeba
fizykac cwiczenie
ktora
przyznac to
mozesh
poprost isc
dlaczego
evil jakby
ze
zalezec
zagadnienie
czyli malo
osoba ktory
uwaza od
wkrecajac
budownictwo mial
omijac
nawet odechciewac
on opinia
ten moment
kartkowko
jeden
konkretny
to trzeba
poprawiac srednio
programowac program
cwiczenia zawsze
powtorowy prowadzic
kartka przy
obgadowac poniza
on istotny
siadac jesli
mrgreen latwo
raz on
wyklad jak
kartke ale
kolokwi grupa
ktory
wyklad wyklad
potwierdzny przez
skad
sie pani
doczepic
na zjeci
miara
starac zeby
srednio osoba
juz wtedy
totalny
zechciec
elektryczny twisted
tlumnaczyl ale
wydawac sie
koniec zaliczec
tlumaczec
elelktryczny
jak zly
zawsze do
kartkowka ponadto
jak pierwszy
dom oddawac
za darmo
punkt za
na kol
mocno
na wqrwial
cwiczec
sie
zadani
usilc
goscie dawac
za caly
nad analny
osoba losowo
przypadek mial
pol punkta
temat przy
za dobrze
cwiczenie ja
sluze pomoca
radojewski beaty
wyszloyc oczywisc
inny zdanie
rund zalicz
raczej
od tlumaczec
kurs
napracowac porownanie
gdyby byc
nawet ten
ksiazka
akademia rolniczy
ntomiast
ciezko
kartkowka
oczywiscie jak
predkosc
sie osoba
zly
akademia
musialyb
maria
na cwiczenio
jezec
stracic
system pucharowy
super
ja by
na eklektyczny
sie przygotowywac
luk
wyklada byly
bedzie spokojnie
czeeee
maj
to brac
osoba majaca
drugi gabka
ale zaliczeen
doprowadzac do
tragiczny
nieco
sredni
wykorzystac to
odpytke
tablica ale
dorwe to
ii raga
srednie
lepsi od
do ten
marny zaliczenie
informatyka wyklad
odradzac pani
zdolny
powinien sie
niz
nauka
wiedziec po
az
oraz grpaa
przyczepiac do
teraz on
ulamka rozny
do pierwszy
smieszyc
cwiczenie robic
maly
do niektrory
spowodowac
glos
to co
on infe
do typa
dostac
raz to
dodac dwa
stac
zawierac
zadan inny
na sam
szanujc
sobote od
zadac
on jesli
dst
to juz
air kolokwiac
mozeec
absurdalny czy
szansa evil
jak sie
na koncu
laborka
uciekalc
wydzial wemif
na glupa
wymagac by
ujemny
mowi
wypowiedz chaotyczny
lista przedmiot
dobrze
na odrobka
poziom ogolc
czekalo
sruba
maszyna liczaca
tolerancja bic
pogadac
es
spotykac on
zalicz system
genialnie
by pocwiczyc
nudno
na przyklad
czas wrecz
przyklad jak
powiedziec tez
wyswietlaniu na
to ktos
uciekac
juz dawno
do wszystko
bie tez
on jak
chaotyczny
skrawek
program
gdzie ten
siedziec przy
wszystko
idzesz by
pan po
httpwwwntifpwrwrocplkwazardefaulthtm portalik
zadanie albo
cenic
kazda
zastanowil nad
wykladzie daleko
na pielgrzymke
spac nawet
odpowiadac sie
po on
omijac szeroki
wyscig szczor
zarzadzac
juz
ktore
wszystko idealnie
przyklad rysoowac
balagan jaki
wiekszosc nawet
ty wiecej
ten przekonanie
do na
pocwiczyc
na podstawa
wielki blad
mialam
swoj wypowiedz
zaliczyc
hardcore
ale czas
ktorza
multimedialny technika
cwiczenia zawrotny
wiedz informatyka
zaliczec do
czesciowo
sala zapisywac
pochrzakiwanie doprowadzac
pan sluze
kartka
oddac
zabraknac
idzesz
niski
grozny
iv
miron
on cenny
robic od
ograniczyc
odechciewac
na postawa
kolejny zajec
zaliczec kilka
em do
mowy
ktos
kartke
grozic
sie jak
na dodatek
is
typa
koszmar
za wszechwiedzaca
opinie na
umiec jak
trwac
szal
wykopac
mianownika
znajac jeszcze
nieziemski poprost
milutki
nieziemski
majaca
fizykac
cos wiecej
wydzial elektryczny
czlowiek
tydzienc
cos
zaden szansa
cwiczenie na
jak ktos
wyklad cwiczenie
na godzina
powiedziec ze
najwiecej osoba
punkta
cwiczenie heh
prowadzic
wtedy zdac
ktos lubic
slowo
zachaczac
skreslic
napluc
laka
widac dupa
zedytowalac
godzinka
samozapracie
kosztowac
uwaga obecnosc
sam lubic
raz robilismy
yellow zedytowalac
wszelka
po pierwszy
na poprawka
ii
szkodnik
punkt przy
bawic
spaczenie dostac
chodzic
gosc
przepuscic
zaliczanie
em az
sposob wypowiedz
panow to
siedzic jak
ciagle
slowo jakos
wytrwalosc
przerwac polzdanie
ale
termin
do wszytki
na poziom
straciec
zadawac
umiec rozwiazac
cwiczenie wymagac
kolegow
za grubym
powerpoint ten
wiedziec
za wszelki
pisak
dobry
kazac
oblej przynajmniej
jeszcze szansa
pojawic po
na zajecia
prezentacja pisac
jezdzil
przyklada
stan krystyczny
inz
zanim sie
na policzek
jak to
rozszerzone kartkowka
wielokrotny
kol
ciagu
wedlug pani
tlumaczyc
do
zajec
smy powtarzanie
wielki
on sposob
czas poswiecac
oczywisc ponad
zadnuch zaliczenie
pokaz slajd
koniec wynik
ps przypadek
trzeba
okazja
uznawac
pospic ani
podstawowy za
troszke
stryc internetowy
sluze
ocen
informatyka na
typ podac
zdanie pozno
to miron
ilosc osoba
trochy
stycznosc facet
szczesliwy przez
labork
caloksztalt
za duzo
konkretow
kierowac
uproscic
jak szybko
chaotyczny czy
na cwiczenia
szybko
pan cwiczenie
chodzilam
punktow
bol
przysiasc nad
dziac
wygimnastykowac pani
ilosc
siebie ile
ogolc
lepsz
ekonomia wydzial
godzina przed
przechodzic przyspieszony
jeszcze podstawa
weglinski jak
wiele inny
wytumaczyc
wyklada
dodawac ulamka
wart
na cwiczenie
algebry
technika
beznadziejnie
ciag
podobno
najdalej wyklada
ogolny
dom ogolny
po sam
pisal
ten
wyklad multimedialny
pan jak
zjecie
do ktory
sluchac
do tyl
wiecej punkt
czyli ulubiony
rysunek na
zalic
napracowac
wielokrotny wybor
radojewski urly
internetowy na
na wydzial
zle
przeszlo
trafiac
krystyczny
zrobilam
niz pozostaly
istotny
marny
albo punktow
do cos
siedziec
by ja
tematyczny
przez on
moc
sluzbistka
prokurator
gdzie siedzic
od on
znany
grubym olowkie
beznadziejny
sie rysunek
wprowadzic
pojecia jak
chodzic rysunek
nalezaec
masakry
na stareotypa
caly
od to
pierwszy
pkta
sruby drewniany
oddawac
analny
to caly
materialy beznadziejny
sobote
przynajmniej polowy
calkowica
dawac
mowo
przez wiekszosc
dziwiedziec
obecnosc obecnosc
beata
kazdy
wink
obgadowac
zwlaszczac
on kilka
szykoj
on slowo
olewac gorniak
balbalbal poprost
em raz
zeswirowac
laborek
programowac
poczatk
fraktal
cwiczenie drugi
to do
grpaa
sobisty
to jak
spokojnie
decydowac
temat
wyrywac od
to raz
powec
szanka
zdawalnosc
na ustny
ponoc porzadek
podejscie
jak do
godzina
podobac
indeks
wychodzic
punkt
przy to
jednak rzecz
bedzieshc
usypiac
na dobry
jak ogien
rozwiaziwac
lipa ja
wemif
na ekran
spojrz ogolnie
zdenerwowal
ps
przyjsc do
kwazar
otwor gwint
na zaliczenie
mowa
wyskoko
pomoca jesli
potwierdzny
swoj
przez to
gdzie elektryczny
musiec
jezel
smieje
polegac
wszytki dla
napisal
okolo osoba
tematyka
inny
jakis
uwaza
wlasc
stareotypa przyczepiac
dom ogolnie
ten czyli
pani balagan
dobit
zrobic
kiedykolwiek
przy rozwiazywac
okreslic
po
na panow
uwazac
tragedia
duzo osob
stareotypa
kosmos
scierac dla
spac
odrzucic
najwiecej
zloty
elektryczny gdzie
to prawdziwy
chamski
znerwiyc
grupa sredni
wczystko
kartkowka oraz
dla on
nazwisko planow
polzdanie rozmowa
eklektyczny wydzial
komputerowy
losowo
latwiejsza
poczatek
starac powiedziec
babka
byly ponoc
jesliktos
koniec przez
poza to
ogien pani
tdzien
poniza wydzierac
beaty
jeszcze iv
zaliczyl
podob
malcher
wnikac
minus
ppt wyklad
jozef
pamietac
iz odpowiadac
tyg
kosmicznie
pokaz slajdow
endeesty
iv dla
ustalac gdzie
obowiazowac
znajac
wiedziec gdzie
przerabiac
rok budownictwo
zlecac
facet
calkowita
napisac
jak inny
przez caly
nawet wy
wytlumaczyc
mozliwy
kolo lub
cenny
opierac
wszytki
konstrukcja wyklad
wiecej niz
srodek zachowawczy
infe
dupa
wzglad cwiczenie
jezyk
wqrwial
podpadac
przynajmniej
tlumnaczyl
lubic jak
ustalac
udac
przyczepic do
do bol
prowadzacym
os
gubic przy
na koniec
beznadziej
meczyc
chcialac
zadaz
warto
powinnno
przeciwny raz
prz
odraz
wyznaczyc
jak by
mielismy
srodek
irenka
zle osobiska
ile
dziewczyna
jazde
potem wyciaga
wole
zasnac
tablica
jan juszkiewicz
poniewaz
wypowiedz wole
pokazywac jak
darmo chcialac
sam
scierac
zdobyc
rok ale
powtarzanie wyklad
weglinska
tutaj
dlugopis
jaki
regulka
jerzy
slowo gdy
specyficzny
godny
poprawnie rozwiazac
po jakis
smiej
wymagac
dobro
dlatego
przy on
jestesc
programowanie
umiec pani
osoba na
udalo
istotny dla
raz
po wykladzie
tlumaczy
szansa
ton
na jak
na wyswietlaniu
bladzic
osobowosc
ciezki
jesli
prowadzaca
trafic szykoj
ogolnie
wszechwiedzaca
jakby
wyszloyc
on on
oddac zanim
wiedza
elektroniczny
narysowac
uwal
on przejsce
relacja kolegow
takowy
to dla
dawno powinnno
swoj swiat
chciec
grubym
bawic glownie
rutkowskac
liliac janicki
on
angielski
siakos
duzo
zeby jakos
uzytkowy
on pakiety
wysminiecie przygotowujacy
organiczny trzeba
na temat
prawdopodobnie by
podstawowy
gwint
spadaj
cwiczeniowy osoba
pospic
oblewac
raga
slyszec
ogolc lipa
ocene
wyniesc
wszelki
zajecie
laborki
olowkie rysowac
rozmawiac
poszczegolny
jan
porownanie do
pytanai sa
wiedz
przyklad tolerancja
po dwa
zasada
przechodzic
lepsi
porownywalny
istny
rolniczy dlatego
bajorek
pan to
przyjemnosc
kontakt mozna
lawka
wy
jak najdalej
mar po
na drugi
rozwiazowac
wybrzuszic
skonczylo czyli
historia zlecac
tytulem
trafic sie
pozostaly ostatni
byl
przepisowac
lub na
to sobote
generalnie
to byl
wiele
to juza
dom
zapytac
latwo
linik linike
rozwiazywac
ugoda
wiecej przysiasc
to prawdopodobnie
wspominal
szczegolnie
wybor wszyscy
cwiczenio
drobniejy
nadawac
pozaostawac
wpisow
oraz
ltraf
osoba wysminiecie
przygotowac do
przyklad
wyciaga
drewno po
wydzial pan
biedny
szeloch
jednak
bie
prowadzic forma
zeby
podyktowac
wkurz
dla marny
wejscie
evil
zawsze
do szal
koncu
post prawdopodobnie
indywidualny
ciekawie
elektryczny
olalac gorniak
przystapic osoba
lza
zjeci
gabka
przyjsc
wartosciow
post ale
szeroki luk
cada
balbalbal
wybrzuszic drewno
aktywny kochac
elektryczny air
rund
ulamka
dzien
przysiasc
system
twisted gdyby
redajca
wiega
dla dziewczyna
naciagac
uwaga
stwarzac
zmieniac
jakies rozszerzone
do dom
sesja
wydzial ppt
sposob
rysunkowa rysowac
super aktywny
doslownie
wrecz
twisted
rok poza
glupa
wyrzucen
kilka rysunkowa
przyczepiac
naleza
czesciowo poprzedni
by duzo
rzez
powolac do
odradzac
chodz
dwa
radojewski
inaczej
do inny
podobno dawno
pielgrzymke
okazywal
bryja
dostawac
maszyna
eklektyczny
emerytura meczyc
pakiety uzytkowy
zegarek
rada
to
przygotowywac potem
podstawowy kiedy
podac
za
po drugi
darowac
jak
dostawac wiecej
podobal
czy
inza
wygimnastykowac
widac
jeszcze obniza
tydzien
pisac
stycznosc
przerwac
liniowa
powtarzac
porozmawiac
slajd
dodatkowy on
dziek
zdanie
przed wejscie
robic
za poprawnie
lub cos
podstawa
wyklad
juszkiewicz
do koniec
sala
jakies
on powszechny
przegowniac
wysoki stopien
gosciu
zapisywac nazwisko
przerywac
pucharowy rysunkowa
do latwy
wyklad pare
planow
teraz
idealnie mrgreen
doprowadzac
osoba gdyz
oraz odpowiedz
zamierzac
nowy twisted
ani
pan marek
kursui
to on
porzadek
porozumiec
poziom
punkt czyli
opowiesc
siedzic
zrobil
zachowawczy wyslac
by to
okolo
przypadek
podobny
oczywisc
zaliczenie poza
pod
tez
kursui fotogrametria
wink lubic
od szczescie
dodawac
trzeba dzwonic
prawdopodobnie
daleko
wyscig
miernictwo
bycie
pacjent
juza
prowadzacy
chcial
drewniany otwor
odpowiadac
odpytke czyli
zaliczec
ale kiedy
kosmiczny
wykladowca
wyrywac
odrobka
zawrotny
material jaki
latwy
on pytanie
wstawiac
to bylo
weglinski
marek
koniec
pojecie
przygotowywac
siadac
poprzedni rok
rozowo
powinien
wydzial
rowniez
typ
rysowac
latwiejsza grupe
pani trafic
jak trafic
niby
naprawde
lista
przystapic
rok
grupa cwiczeniowy
przyspieszony
bywaja
reka
przydadzic
osobisty
zadnuch
poczucie
to lub
obniza ocene
powszechny ps
ekonomia
ostatni
ppt
wysoki
iz
widziec nawet
robil
do poczucie
dobieg
policzek
wymyslny
pucharowy
starac
na glowy
cena
czas
przygotowujacy wniosek
zwiazek
na emerytura
sam forma
forma tematyczny
do informatyka
liczba
cwiczen
poprawka
dodatek
oblej
zadamoe
przedmiot
drugi
przed zakonczeniem
zalicz
liczaca
pytanie kosmos
wynik
zakonczeniem
na grupa
zastanowil
gdyz
slajdow
pare osoba
polecenie
idealnie
pojawic
gubic
wywolywac
dowod
wtedy szczesliwy
janicki
miara luz
goscie
moment
pacjent stan
nijak
kilka
twarz jesli
ponoc
ustny
wedlug
to by
nad
bedziesh
to to
stanowczo
zanotowac
mar
rysunkowa reczny
polzdanie
przeszlo dodatkowy
obecnosc
stad czesto
ogolnie gdy
nawet
robilismy
olewac
ideal
by
ogien
on grupa
rysunek reczny
oplacac
blad olalac
wlazl
lawka oraz
utwierdzily
wzglad
odpowiedz przy
on trafic
wszyscy
umiec
gorniak
posta
mrgreen
zadan
modl
dopuszczajacy
osobiscie
zapisywac
wzielo
wychodzilem
dowiedziec
od
dodatkowo on
szczor
poprost ideal
poprawnie
spotykac
wazna
postawa
rekorodowo
rzecz
trafic to
byly
przeciwny
opinia
liliac
szczescie
jakos
przekonanie relacja
multimedialny
daleki
dostal
zajakniecia
to pan
pytac
napluc twarz
rozwiazac
kilka osob
budownictwo
przyczepic
poprawiac
oczywiscie
jak nawet
pol
reczny
wniosek ale
przeznaczyc dla
popieprzona
ponad
bylo
linik
siebie
wiadomo
nazwisko
post
przygotowujacy
fotogrametria na
albo
ekran prezentacja
panow
spojrz
przez
potem pytac
rownanie
forma wyklad
ponadto pozno
najdalej
nawet jak
wysminiecie
zajecia
osob dla
zaden
cwiczeniowy
pomoca
olowkie
pan
dla frekfencja
lub wywolywac
rozny
powolac
szczesliwy
gdzie
evil color
kiedy to
wykorzystac
poswiecac
porownac
osobnik
wydzierac
wybor
rysoowac
widziec
porownanie
do kolejny
powiedzial
przykry
przygotowac
przyznac
wstanin
powerpoint
wykladzie
pani
informatyka
balagan
opinie
darmo
to historia
portalik edukacyjny
urlo
prostrzy grupa
przeznaczyc
wyslac
sens
glowy wlazl
edukacyjny
etc
zapis konstrukcja
cwiczenia
strona ksiazka
model na
yellow
prostrzy
poza
osoba
kiedy przyjsc
dla osoba
gdyby
olalac
graficzny zapis
przerwa
pojecia
wtedy
lubic
dla porownac
organiczny
blad
jeszcze
rozmowa
wypowiedz
zaliczenie
color yellow
dawno
otwor
szczerze
internetowy
osob
najwiekszi
zwrot
dla
graficzny
zanim
glowa
stopien
infe lub
materialy
pokaz
uzbierac
powtorowy
linike
prawdziwy
potem
pozno
pokazywac
obniza
konstrukcja
polowy
urly
stan
patrzec
czyli jak
gdyz pytanai
lub
reszta
przewry
rysunek
przechodzic ludzki
wtedy wiecej
dorwe
przy
dzwonic do
powiedziec
gdy ktos
wydawac
jet
glowy
kolejny
glownie
pytanai
drewniany
wyswietlaniu
pare
zachowawczy
pozostaly
ponadto
frekfencja
ekran
wlasciwie
odpowiedz
rysunkowa
material
szeroki
czyli
poniza
tolerancja
cwiczenie
twisted color
osiowy
wyjatki
albo albo
lipa
wyobrazac siebie
motywacja zeby
powtarzanie
rolniczy
przepros
poprost
aktywny
obecnosc lub
luz wtedy
drewno
pakiety
przekonanie
spaczenie
najwiekszi motywacja
zaliczeen
ludzki pojecie
drugi strona
kiedy
gdy
wiecej
przed
relacja
nazwisko etc
bedzie
trafic
air
dodatkowo
powszechny
zaliczen
historia
pochrzakiwanie
rozwijajacy przygotowac
osobiska
zapis
opowiesc stad
prezentacja
motywowac
grupe
prawdziwy model
rozszerzone
od nowy
zapowiedziac
poprzedni
dodatkowy
kontakt
grupa
swiat
nowy
emerytura
twarz
przejsce
forma
luz
wyobrazac
dzwonic
portalik
pytanie
wniosek
model
fotomontaz ale
fotogrametria
ludzki
color
motywacja
glownie fotomontaz
strona
stad
rozwijajacy
fotomontaz