rozwijajacy przygotowanie
wysmienicie przygotowujacych
prowadzi niezrozumiale
niezrozumialy przepisuje
najdrobniejsze szczegoly
trudnosci zapowiedziane
przeszkadzanie zajeciach
wydziale przeznaczony
wyklady niezrozumiale
przygotowujacych wnioski
nieprzyjazne wykladowca
niewspodziewajek egzamin
wyklad niezrozumialy
zaliczaniem poszczegolnych
szczegolnie poczatkach
odradzam jakikolwiek
calkowice nieprzyjazne
za przeszkadzanie
zaliczeniem kolokwia
zdawalnosc kolokwiach
rozwiazuje zadania
beznadziejna kolokwia
przechodzic przyspieszony
podstawie kursutematyczna
przepisuje zadania
zdecydowanie odradzam
beznadziejne zdawalnosc
zaliczenie wykladu
zaliczyla kolokwiach
kursutematyczna cwiczenia
chodzi najdrobniejsze
pozostaje uzyczyc
przeczytac domu
obleje przynajmniej
zaliczyly wiekszosc
przyczepic jesliktos
podyktowac zadanie
przez wiekszosc
zaliczenie wszystkich
przynajmniej potrafi
pochrzakiwanie doprowadza
eklektycznym wydziale
przygotowywac potem
zaliczyc tak
przynajmniej polowy
kiedy przyjdzie
podstawy zarzadzania
chodzi zaliczenie
wzielo przyklady
przyczepic sie
przy rozwiazywaniu
poszczegolnych zajec
rozmawiac nie
zaliczenia kolokwia
pierwszym kole
czlowiek wkurza
cokolwiek zanotowac
przyjemnosc miec
przegoniony niego
zapis konstrukcji
rozwiazac niektorych
wyklad cwiczenia
dowiedziec zawsze
kartkowki przyczepia
raczej przepisuje
przeszkadzanie
na poczatek
beznadziejnie diagnoza
tematycznej opowiesci
unikniesz pozostaje
wiecej przysiadl
rozwiazywaniu zadan
na poczatku
wyklad beznadziejny
zapisywaniem nazwisk
podstawie kursuatematyczna
koniec zaliczenie
przyklady tego
oszczednosc kazdy
oblicza skomplikowane
nieprzystepna plotkuje
kolokwia niespodziewani
na pielgrzymke
wyklad przepisuje
przyczepia do
ciezko dowiedziec
wykladach przepisuje
studenta nieprzyjazne
problemy zaliczaniem
bezposrednio stycznosc
zawsze wychodzilem
zaliczyc unikaj
beznadziejne ogolne
powtarzanie wykladu
jezykiem stanowczo
przeznaczony dla
szczegolnie na
zachacza zaliczenie
studenci ktorzy
poniewaz zdolni
spadaja praktycznie
czasu poswieca
zaliczenie na
powiedzial zadnych
poziomie ogolnie
uciekajcie od
niezrozumiale studentow
zaliczyc podstawa
przygotowanie do
przyczepia sie
za wszechwiedzaca
szczesliwy przez
od szczescia
studentow szczegolnie
zaliczyc na
wyszlo oczywiscie
zajec prowadzaca
przechodzi ludzkie
tu szczegolnie
dziewczyny pierwszej
na ksiezyc
przepusci kilka
ktore zdecydowanie
przyjemnosc
niewielkie wprowadzenie
najwieksza motywacja
koniec zaliczyc
pojecie czesto
przysiadl nad
wytlumaczyc tego
stanowczo odradzam
potrafi wytlumaczyc
nie zdziwcie
zaliczenia mozna
przed wejsciem
zaliczyc wogole
jak najszybciej
zajeciach nastepnym
bez zajakniecia
czesciowo poprzednich
kolach zaliczylo
odpowiedzi przy
wszystkich zajec
sa beznadziejne
przypadkiem mialem
rozwiazuje do
kosztuje niego
przyjdzie do
sprawdza obecnosc
do wszytkiego
mieli przyjemnosc
zaliczyc jest
jeszcze obnizy
mozna dowiedziec
ze wszyscy
zrozumiec ta
szybko niewyraznie
jest beznadziejna
to przeczytac
wszytkiego dla
cwiczeniowej no
prowadzacych przyklad
szczescia mozna
te nazwisko
oczywiscie jak
zajakniecia sie
ksiazek zaliczenie
wypowiedzi chaotyczny
zaliczenie jest
na poziomie
calkowicie dobrze
elektryczne gdzie
to przyczepia
nauczyc niebardzo
przyklad tolerancji
przyczepic do
przyklady ciagu
na zaliczenie
kolejnych zajec
sa beznadziejnym
po wykladzie
uzyczyc wytrwalosci
oddaje wyznaczonych
jak beznadziejnie
gdzie elektryczny
ciekawie zdenerwowal
siedziec przy
na policzkach
praktycznie do
na wydziale
sie wszystkiego
poczatkach programowania
egzaminu wlasciwie
niewspodziewajek
szczegoly nic
sie nauczyc
przez niego
zdanie prowadzacym
sie zaliczyc
przerwac pelzania
przeznaczony
najszybciej musze
daruje prowadzi
pierwsze kolokwium
zapowiedziane nie
najszybciej wyklad
rozowo ogolnie
przyznac ze
kolokwium zaliczajace
jak przegoniony
materialy beznadziejne
ciezkie zadania
do wszystkiego
recznych ktore
podstawa zaliczenia
ciezko cokolwiek
niezrozumiale nic
wyklad odradzam
wszechwiedzaca na
spojrzy ogolnie
beznadziejne beznadziejna
prowadzic latarki
szans zrozumiec
jest nieprzystepna
chcesz zaliczyc
skomplikowana osobowosc
na pierwszym
ludzkie pojecie
przypadku tego
ludziom ktorzy
wiekszosc czasu
zaliczenie kilka
przyjdzie
zaliczenie pkt
do wszystkie
czlowiek nie
sie przygotowywac
elektrycznym daje
jest zaliczyc
wszystkiego kazdy
jak beznadziejne
wiekszosc kartkowek
kolokwiow ciezko
oczywiscie ponad
zwlaszcza na
nudne wyjatkiem
wszystkiego samemu
porozumiec bryja
znaja jeszcze
ograniczenie ciagow
zaliczenie do
moja najwieksza
fizyka cwiczenia
tablicy przechodzi
jest zaliczenie
dziewczyn jest
rozwiazuje
poczatek dobra
nauczyc sie
wyklad elektryczny
zdziwcie sie
przyklady sa
czasami przepusci
beznadziejna unikac
rzeczy zerowe
wtedy szczesliwy
chodzic nie
studentow czasem
zrozumiec jakim
nie rozwijajacy
zadko poniewaz
trafisz szykuj
wybrzuszenie drewna
edukacyjny kwazar
przepisuje swoj
zaliczyc ale
okazje niej
beznadziejne beznadziejne
beznadziejnym tylko
sa kosmicznie
poprostu szkoda
rozwijajacy
od skonczylo
osrodki zachowawcze
pozniej na
na wszystko
jeszcze podstaw
wytrwalosci zaliczyc
daje ciezkie
pozniej sie
wykladzie mialem
trudnosci jak
prowadzaca jest
przyklad jak
dopuszczajaca totalna
zle wychodzi
wiedzy zaliczyc
pierwszego kola
podobnej trudnosci
chamska zdecydowanie
dobrze zostaje
przyczepia
tak rozowo
zniechecil niektorych
raczej nie
rozwiazywaniu
przeczytac
specyficzny sposob
na cwiczenia
po pierwszym
strasznie niefajne
dziwne zadania
nauczyc nieeeeeeee
przy niej
zaliczen poza
prowadzenia zajec
sie przyczepic
juszkiewicz potocznie
nie przydadza
uproszczenia kolokwium
narysowac wybrzuszenie
totalna beznadzieja
na wykladzie
uciekac za
prowadzacy utwierdzily
cwiczenia na
bedzie spokojniej
jezyku wogole
znanym jezykiem
zaliczaja osoby
troszke trudniejsze
szczurow kto
nie rozwiazuje
zachowawcze wyslac
wszystko prowadzone
przypadkiem
beznadziejne sa
podsumowujac jesli
beznadziejny nie
beznadziejnie
jego oszczednosc
wyklad prowadzony
kursuatematyczna na
zdolni studenci
mierniki oczywiscie
swoje wypowiedzi
niewyraznie ze
szczegolnie
poswieca na
na eklektycznym
wyklad zalicza
oraz odpowiedzi
niektorzy nie
szykuj sie
mozna przerywac
niefajne zniechecil
trudniejsze aaa
rzeczy ktore
skonczyc nim
nie zaliczyc
jestes elektrycznego
przygotowanie
zajec raczej
grupy cwiczeniowej
pielgrzymke do
zalicza je
dowiedziec sie
brak niewspodziewajek
skonczylo sie
ciezko ocenic
predkoscia rozwiazuje
niewiele mozna
przekonaniu relacje
ciezko na
indeksie zaliczenia
niego najistotniejsze
beznadziejne
straszy wyrzuceniem
dobrze tlumaczy
na zajeciach
szczesliwy
robi przepisuje
uczyc widac
potrafi zaliczyc
beznadziejna
jakas dziewczyna
ta zaliczyl
przed zakonczeniem
zalicza sie
oszczednosc
pokaz slajdow
cwiczeniowe osob
bardzo niesprawiedliwy
musze przyznac
rozszerzone kartkowki
czasem trzeba
konstrukcji wyklad
samym wykladzie
wydziale elektrycznym
zadnych zaliczen
ceglinskiego jak
chcialam skonczyc
dwa przyklady
beznadzieja
beznadziejny
kolokwiow czasem
rozmowy ze
nie wytlumaczy
matematyczna cwiczenia
iz odpowiada
chaotyczny ciezko
pierwsze paczenia
do kolejnych
wszystkie osie
prowadzic zajec
najistotniejsze jest
punkta kosztuje
zaliczylo osob
ogolnie odradzam
zaliczyc idzie
bez uproszczenia
swoje zdanie
zrobilam wielki
czyli nie
cwiczeniowej
gosciem mozna
przepisuje
za wszelka
potrafi nauczyc
poczucie humoru
ujemne dzieki
obecnosc ktora
przygotowujacych
wstanie nauczyc
tylu wzgledem
wiekszosc nawet
miec przynajmniej
robi przyklady
na pierwszych
mnie odrzucila
skonczylo czyli
zaliczysz na
wykladzie dalej
najdrobniejsze
pierwszych cwiczeniach
potocznie jan
ja szczerze
czyli jak
pierwsze trzeba
niektorych strasznie
wyrzuceniem sali
wnikac dlaczego
sie porozumiec
beznadzieja babka
napisze swoje
zaliczenie
wszystko mowi
przerabia zawiera
wytlumaczyc trzeba
szalu zaliczeniem
pakiety uzytkowe
ksiezyc ocena
przy czym
nauczyc ale
jakies zaliczenie
chodz gosciu
sie dziewczyny
zadnych konkretow
pierwszej lawce
poszczegolnych
powtorkowy prowadzi
zdalo najwiecej
wszystko zalezy
dziwne na
roznych mianownika
zwrotami nie
najdalej wyklady
zajakniecia
jest chaotyczna
pierwsza dawka
zajeciach nie
jezdzil zwlaszcza
trzymac sie
szczescia
przedmiotow nikt
mial latwiejsza
elektroniczne cwiczenia
egzaminie przeszlo
czasem wrecz
osobiscie zrobilam
potrafi przyczepic
leborka kosmiczne
pozostali ostatnie
nieprzyjazne ten
skonczy zadanie
to skonczylo
elektryczny nudny
ktorzy nie
dostaje wiecej
zrozumiec
porzadku dobrze
dopuszczajaca
tyklo mozecie
innych prowadzacych
zerowe calkowice
najgorszy jest
kolokwia poprawki
zeby zrozumiec
praktycznie
kwiat matematyczny
mierna dopuszczajaca
strasznie jezdzil
kolokwiach sprawa
wszystkie stwarza
ekonomia wydzial
studenta ciezko
matematyczny kola
stycznosc
zl konsultacje
rzez potrafi
organiczna trzeba
na zjecia
podejscie do
potrafi tlumaczyc
wykladac wszystko
nieprzyjazne
zaliczeni brak
beznadziejnym
zalezy od
do nauczania
mozna kompletnie
gorzej osobiste
najwiecej osob
wychodzilem wnerwiony
zawsze potrafi
co dzieje
pisak drugiej
odradzam tego
daje za
ze odbywalo
miec wszystko
czegos doczepic
choc niektorzy
nazwisko planow
go przejsc
skomplikowane rownania
zapowiedziane
zajec przez
zaliczaniem
kartkowki na
unikajcie da
oznacza ze
latwiejsza grupe
daje dziwne
matematyczna wyklad
nieprzystepna
dla dziewczyn
sprawdzajace wiedze
cwiczeniach zawrotna
ma specyficzny
kosmiczne nie
spokojniej gosciem
duzo siedziec
ponadto pozniej
gabka wiekszosc
siedzisz jak
najszybciej
pozniej
zdanie pozniej
przeszlo dodatkowe
na kolokwium
egzaminie podstawowym
akademii rolniczej
rysunki reczne
dobrze rekordowo
przyznac
wyswietlaniu na
ekranie prezentacji
jeszcze szanse
wlasciwie zerowe
nawet odechciewa
niektorych ludzi
po jakiejs
potrafil wykorzystac
kolegow ktorzy
przejsc
prezentacji
studenta szanuj
sie wzielo
rolniczej dlatego
lepiej zrobic
przynajmniej
zaliczajace brak
podobno dawniej
kursuatematyczna
ciezkie
cwiczenia idziesz
na wykladach
zajec chaotyczny
kartkowek ponadto
ntomiast ograniczenie
brak beznadziejne
osob wysmienicie
przyklady
poniewaz na
szykuj
ogolne podejscie
dowiedziec
nia zbytnio
siedziec
jest strasznie
krytycznym osrodki
kursutematyczna
powiem krotko
pelzania rozmowy
cwiczenia ja
poniewaz pol
chaotyczna do
jesli kiedykolwiek
ktorzy maja
znanym na
po niektorych
tematu przy
ktorzy mieli
mowic odradzam
czyta uwaza
jesli czytasz
na wyswietlaniu
wiekszosc
jej zechce
podaj przyklad
elektrycznego to
wypowiedzi wole
wszytkiego
chaotyczny czy
siedzisz sprawdza
wykorzystac to
sie prowadzic
takowe mozesz
przyklad weglinski
pojawic po
tylko osmieszyla
odradzam juz
beata wprowadzenie
tematycznej
wyznaczonych terminach
zostaje kto
wartosciowego kolokwia
pierwszy skonczy
tym przypadkiem
nieziemski poprostu
sie uzbierac
czesto sie
wszechwiedzaca
tlumaczyc ale
ciagle pochrzakiwanie
przerywac bo
pod redakcja
wiedzial gdzie
ze sposobu
radojewskiej
przepros kartke
daje niewielkie
szczerze mowiac
zajeciach robi
niego prowadzacy
najwieksza
przegoniony
sluzbista nie
czlowieku mysle
niezrozumialy
ludzi ktorzy
zawrotna predkoscia
rolniczej
zalezy na
unikaj zdania
do pierwszego
kolokwium juz
kartkowek potem
mozna sie
pocwiczyc to
jezykiem
raz niej
wykladu jak
formie tematycznej
wszystko do
dzieki ktorym
powtarza sie
uzytkowe
relacje kolegow
poprawki kolokwiow
tak uczy
naprawde niezle
wyklad polega
swoja maszyna
obowiazuje na
poczatku to
zasnela nie
sie zachacza
prostszych grup
zdania na
poniza wydziera
konca przez
nauczyc wg
zalicze bez
poprzednich
jest nieziemski
uzytkowe koszmar
ale wszystko
pojecia jak
konstrukcji
prowadzi dosc
zabraknie ci
zegarkiem mija
niespodziewani brak
rozwiazane zadanie
wspominalem ciezko
zastanowilem nad
na cwiczeniach
komu wyklady
smieja ze
przyspieszony kurs
wnerwiony zaraz
nie czyta
patrzy sie
informatyki wyklad
chodzilam na
ma przepros
ta czyli
przydadza np
razie odradzam
powiedzial
zapyta odrazu
wszystkie
zadanie przy
komplikuje nie
szybko indeksy
mocno nagimnastykowac
mozna samemu
kartkowka na
podstawie kursu
idzie zasnac
powiem tak
ktore zaliczyly
pierwsze kolo
zaliczeniem dosc
nie zaliczyla
umie prowadzic
proste zadania
na egzaminie
niego spojrzy
kazimierz jozef
skonczylo
jakos nie
podstawie ocen
wydziera sie
nie bezposrednio
sposob prowadzenia
osmieszyla mnie
grozi za
nazwisko
juz wiedzial
niesamowice ciezko
zanotowac na
kontakt mozna
elektryczne
okazje
podstaw zadaje
sprawdza kto
mozna miec
uznaje zadnych
po egzaminie
pierwszej
nie znaja
miala okazje
latarki prowadzi
elektrycznego
przepusci
miernikow na
trudnosci na
zadania przez
jeszcze iv
plotkuje obgaduje
doslownie regulki
egzaminie ktorego
sposob wypowiedzi
konkretne pojecia
tej podstawie
tak szybko
sie zagadnieniami
panem cwiczenia
zdziwcie
wyscig szczurow
szans na
zaliczac cada
przypadku
na podstawie
przez cale
nie porozmawiasz
prostszych
zdecydowanie
prowadzi latarki
samemu zeswirowal
zasnac latarki
na koniec
jednym zadaniu
motywacja zeby
przeciwnym razie
niektorymi zwrotami
slajdow na
nagimnastykowac pani
prowadzi rowniez
przysiadl
grupy cwiczeniowe
szczegoly
przyczepic
nie pospisz
oj zdenerwowal
informatyka wyklad
miernictwa elektryczne
chodzic gosciu
strasznie ma
wszystko idealnie
strasznie zadko
juz nie
na kolokwiach
kolokwiach stosunkowo
bez przerwy
brak poczucie
nauczania sama
czlowieku
pierwsza
ludzi oj
wkurza rada
do niektorych
przygotowywac
przystapic osoby
policzkach bo
pierwszego
czlowiek ma
najistotniejsze
ten czlowiek
nie czyli
nie prowadzi
sie mozna
jednak rzeczy
ograniczenie
zajec na
wszystkiego
rozmawiac
wszelka cene
wykladu wyklady
sie pojawic
nie zaliczyl
niezrozumiale
trudniejsze
przepuscil po
dzieje sie
poczucia humoru
podstawowym za
pana raczej
kurs zwiazku
tlumaczenia jest
arytmetyczna moja
poprzednich lat
kazdy poprawia
student szkodnik
tez nie
ze lzami
graficzny zapis
zawsze do
ze od
ciagow dziwi
zadania na
rowniez trudnosci
cwiczeniowe
wyboru wszyscy
musialyby przechodzic
wybrzuszenie
poczatkach
olowkiem rysowane
trudnosci jest
szczescia btw
sprawdza przed
tego uczyc
odradzam pani
godziny wiec
wzgledem cwiczen
dzieje
listy przedmiotow
kolach gdzie
chodzi rysunki
tresci wykladu
kolo podobnej
sie zastanowilem
czego sie
niezle napracowac
nauczyc
wydziale temi
tragicznie nudne
trzeba dzwonic
komplikuje tutaj
zaliczyc pan
testem wielokrotnego
ze bryja
wyklad jak
oczywiscie
potrafi wykladac
kartki przy
koncu wykladu
ze na
uciekajcie
dziewczyna
zaliczyc generalnie
kieruje swoje
wyjatkiem jednego
dobrze wyklad
zajec trzeba
szanuj mnie
wszyscy wykladowcy
gdzie te
bierze strasznie
ze nie
wiem jak
zaliczyl es
poprawnie rozwiazane
nim niezla
zdawalnosc
dziewczyna choc
kosmicznie trudne
przerywac
stereotypach przyczepia
zwlaszcza
tych prostszych
odrzucila
lecz na
zaliczyl em
tylko mozliwe
malo ciekawie
uwazam za
juz lepiej
czlowiek chyba
cio obowiazuje
problemow nie
jest inaczej
oto przyklad
rund zalicze
miec wiedzy
rozwiazac
przechodzic
pkt wszystko
przeszlo
kiedykolwiek dorwe
ocena odradzam
wyklady nie
sali zapisywaniem
konsultacje cyt
rowniez zajecia
poswieca
egzaminem znanym
raczej
ktora sprawdza
czytasz ten
potwierdzona przez
specyficzny
chodzi nim
dziewczyny
poczatek choc
sie przerabia
sama czesto
obgaduje poniza
przydadza
pierwszym
poczatek
podejscie
niego powszechna
gdzie siedzisz
wymyslne nie
niezla jazde
zadan komplikuje
na wyklady
miare bezstresowo
zaliczylo
kosztuje
stracilem przez
dobrze tlumaczyl
przedmiotow
liczb pierwsze
bezstresowo
kto jerzy
mu zalezy
oceniania zawsze
umiec jak
lekko nie
reczne
ciezko zaliczac
zadania ktorych
wykladzie bo
ktorym rysuje
latwo zdobyc
zawiera sie
kiedykolwiek
rysunkow recznych
kolejnych
czym sam
pojecia programowaniu
wszystkich
odpowiada sie
czleka to
stwarza problemy
informatyki na
nie za
odpowiedzi
latarki miernikow
zakonczeniem
przechodzi
od tlumaczenia
rysunkow rysuje
przepisuje skrypt
kola pierwsze
odradzam gosc
poczatku
trzeba miec
uciekal jak
mozna jedynie
skrypcie na
lepiej nie
kazdy skrawek
to pierwsza
ostatnie zadanie
masz niej
jezyku
pierwszych
lzami na
robilismy zadanie
liczaca kalkulator
poziomie
wywoluje na
gorzej
ale najgorszy
jakikolwiek kontakt
nie chodzilam
cwiczenia robi
zawsze mieli
pani prowadzi
stopniu trudnosci
tylko gorzej
forma wykladu
cwiczenia unikac
niechec spowodowana
kolokwium bylo
srednia arytmetyczna
dodatkowe jej
czesto opiera
odradzam bo
reczne to
omijac szerokim
czekalo ta
osobnika latarki
wiedze informatyki
cwiczeniach zawsze
sprawa nie
dziewczyn
szans pogadac
nieco komplikuje
zadanie dostaje
wyrywaj od
zaliczyc
cie wiecej
elektryczny
radnych szans
zaliczyla
wykladowca akademii
rozmowy
nie zaliczylem
komputerowe latarki
zadana tematyke
dosc dziwne
kosmicznie
nie dziwie
zdolni
to unikajcie
skonczyc
obecnosc decydowala
jezeli nie
egzaminie jest
bo ludziom
wejsciem dowod
jest obecnosc
jesli zabraknie
poczucie
wyrzuceniem
potrafi przerwac
terminie zdalo
zadanie pkt
doktor czesto
jest niesamowice
wiec nie
czytasz
zachowawcze
podstawie cie
emeryturze meczy
wyznaczonych
symetrii za
dziwie sie
szkodnik unikac
unikac zaliczeni
obecnosci obecnosc
miec calkowicie
wszyscy wiemy
wykladu mnie
zarzadzania ocena
obrobce wykopala
mironem bedzie
czego te
cwiczeniach za
prosto zadania
rojewska beata
niz pozostali
do szalu
ze ktos
opowiesci stad
co czekalo
pospisz ani
na konsultacje
twoje zdanie
niespodziewani
bryja nie
kolokwiach tylko
nie straszne
szanse na
wiecej nie
pierwsze
przez to
slowa jakos
czesciowo
na kolach
ps przypadku
olewaj gorniaka
latwiejsza
wykorzystac
dodaje ulamki
terminie egzaminu
wazna jest
za caloksztalt
spokojniej
idzie na
duzo nie
bardzo dziwie
tym rozmawiac
powie tez
bo jeszcze
problemy niektorymi
juz naprawde
trzeba sie
nie uznaje
bylo strasznie
niektorych zadan
traktatach wyklad
jakikolwiek
jest wielki
odechciewa brak
niczego sie
czyli malo
szczurow
jesli nie
wydaje sie
niego uciekal
dosc samozaparcia
czlowiek
jeszcze
zaliczaja
wykladzie
okolo podsumowujac
na zadana
przy tablicy
nijak maja
wiec lepiej
kolokwium na
robi zmienia
nauczania
trzeba chodzic
tym czlowieku
powszechna ps
porozumiec
drugiej stronie
gwintem nalezy
eklektycznym
smieje dst
juz wspominalem
gosciu daje
dla niektorych
recznych
ta prze
jak zrobili
wykladu pare
konsultacje to
na egzaminach
sa tragicznie
regulki ksiazek
elektryczny twisted
kolo nie
ocenic skomplikowana
znaja
jak nie
uproszczenia
nich kieruje
zdenerwowal jakies
trzeba usilnie
po drugiej
rzeczy
wyslac na
elektrycznym
na ekranie
naprawde nie
czyli ulubione
cie obleje
domu ogolnie
widzi nawet
programowania nie
zajeciach mimo
marnego zaliczenia
podstawowym kiedy
ksiezyc
dla frekwencji
przerwy to
lub wywoluje
cokolwiek
wszystko
czleka
czy potrafi
moja rada
strasznie
za poprawnie
pkt czyli
kartkowki ale
niebardzo podstawa
inny zaliczylo
zadane przez
dziwi sie
podobnej
powiem ze
sluchac tylko
weglinski da
uzyczyc
oceniania poniewaz
prowadzi ma
wyklady cwiczen
smierci na
analiza matematyczna
niewyraznie
przez
uwaza sie
jak najdalej
unikac wyrywaj
wlasnie na
kieruje
przeciwnym
tolerancji bicia
kartkowek oraz
rozowo
prowadzic
jest kartkowka
zera zalicza
bo sprawdzal
kto pierwszy
niej na
poprawia srednio
miare szybko
inaczej
czyta
zabraknie
obowiazuje
nad zadaniem
calkowicie
jesli bedziesz
techniki komputerowe
kto rutkowska
beaty radojewskiej
kola nie
kompletnie nie
uklada zadania
jerzy bajorek
maszyna liczaca
spowodowana jest
zadaniu na
tak nie
unikac uciekac
nie mozna
portali edukacyjny
czesto ma
nieeeeeeee podstawa
zadania po
studentow nie
nie daruje
zjecia trzeba
kosmiczne
podsumowujac
jednego traktatach
prezentacji powerpointa
istna rzez
ksiazce nic
moze podyktowac
chodzic do
juz trzeba
sprawdzajace
jakiejs godzince
radze trzymac
szkodnik
dlaczego bardzo
przyspieszony
mieli pojecia
ponoc porzadku
niesprawiedliwy
kolokwia na
sie jej
przyklad
inne zdanie
wiedze miec
bawic tak
niektorzy
kartkowki
elektrycznym air
poprawki
pielgrzymke
malo czasu
niskich rak
to prawdziwy
rozwiazane
czyli skala
co cwiczenia
potrafi dodatkowo
zaliczajace
pocwiczyc
nie widzi
skomplikowana
potocznie
tego czleka
straszne nudy
dowod osobisty
powolanie do
wytlumaczyc
ludzkie
wszelka
chaotyczna
dzieki
moga przystapic
jest wyklad
rysowane wkrecajac
bezposrednio
kto zle
ciezko
zapisywaniem
wychodzi rund
mozecie mialem
jesliktos na
ze skryptu
wprowadzenie do
niektorych jesli
jest potwierdzona
ich skrypcie
wykresie te
przerwac
umie rozwiazac
koniec ta
ze osoby
sie za
szkoda
zarzadzania
wstawia ocen
zaliczeni
wiemy jak
jest grozny
omijac tak
bezstresowo go
zagadnieniami sposob
jakos je
na koncu
niej radnych
decydowala rowniez
matematyczna
przystapic
prowadzony bez
zaliczyl ale
zalac popieprzone
rysunki na
rysuje sie
dobrze reszty
zeswirowal
ze zasady
konsultacje co
jak ktos
cwiczenia
komplikuje
wlasciwie
nie powiedzial
jedynie ze
unikac za
redakcja
zwiazku tym
tych zajec
byl jeszcze
osobowosc ocena
tematyke ogolnie
jest porownywalny
wypowiedzi
zadanie jak
na poprawke
zalicze
niego smieja
juz tylko
prawdopodobnie jestes
porozmawiasz bo
nei ucza
przerwy
egzaminu ilosc
zajeciach
od niego
miec powolanie
dlaczego
tych rzeczy
zdanie uwazam
kolokwiach na
naciaga punktow
dlugopisem trzeba
do informatyki
dr konsultacje
czasem
matematyczna ii
siadasz jesli
kolach moze
ale zadko
bedziesz mial
juz dawno
chodzic jesli
sie zadanie
ja nie
caloksztalt nie
ustnym egzaminie
lepsi od
kole bedziesz
ma wlasnie
gubi przy
zwiazku
zdecydowanie by
szybko
na lepsza
porzadku
gorniaka nie
naprawde jest
bladzi zadaniach
wytlumaczy bo
osob przepuscil
czesto prof
koncu wyniku
ta niechec
ceni poniewaz
da za
niego zaliczaja
uwazam ze
zadania sa
unikac nie
mialem nie
poprostu idzie
wyklad multimedialne
godzince wykresie
jak sie
odradzam
cos wartosciowego
temi wyklad
za dobrze
niektorych studentow
wrecz chamska
robi kartkowki
wtedy zdalo
tablica daje
kolokwia grupami
zostaje
na godzine
prowadzacych
twoje szanse
sprawa sie
absurdalny czy
uwage obecnosci
czele powiem
miernictwa elektroniczne
plotkuje
ze studentem
nie zasnela
swoj kwiat
zaliczeniem
unikajcie
wiecej niz
przy tym
godzine przed
obgaduje
sposobem oblewa
pucharowym rysunkow
sa wymyslne
ucza sie
motywacja
sa wstanie
osobiste nie
skryptu lecz
zbytnio dogadac
jak ognia
prowadzaca
co czego
nas zrobil
wzgledem
utwierdzily mnie
zaliczyl
wiedzial
juz po
wszyscy
wychodzilem
tak prosto
jak zly
jak juz
te pierwsze
konsultacje
niezla
na nie
podyktowac
oplaca sie
jest jak
wyklady nudne
niej niewiele
chyba niskich
wydziale
wie swoje
nadaje sie
kochasz chemie
sie swoja
tym przekonaniu
wielokrotnego wyboru
podobie nei
na egzamin
sie egzaminem
ludziom
pojawic
nie obleje
na tej
testy sprawdzajace
tlumaczyc
mi za
juszkiewicz
wnioski ale
wyklady sa
znanym
zaliczysz
najgorszy
ulamki roznych
wykladac
inz fizyka
obleje jezeli
jest sluzbista
ogolnie nie
pozostali
ale zaliczeniem
roznych
pelzania
chociaz wydaje
przekonaniu
nic wiecej
zawrotna
bez problemow
srednim wysokim
na dodatek
rzez
sensu niczego
przepros
doczepic dac
jak pierwsze
nie motywuje
moze nie
maja szans
jest rowniez
pozostaje
policzkach
sie klucic
kosmosu ja
uzbierac pkt
je kilka
zadko cos
domu ogolny
tak nudno
niego jak
czasu
osmieszyla
wychodzi
pacjent stanie
proste ze
podstawa oceny
jest milutki
egzamin zalezy
mi przykry
na jak
wyklady prowadzone
przerabia
masz jeszcze
glowe wlazl
zadania ktore
kolokwiach bo
cwiczeniach myslal
bo slyszal
indeksow nie
dodatkowo jego
gdyz pytania
przykry
zawsze
mialem konkretne
ktore nijak
genialnie ludzi
sie posmiac
prezentacje pisane
na ktorym
dosc dobrze
to grozi
ciekawie
ale czasami
kurs analiza
tragiczny usypiac
lukiem jak
tutaj juz
masakra zawsze
godziny nie
do czegos
stosunkowo malo
pytania kosmosu
nich dlugopisem
kolach na
ppt wyklady
chodzic bo
zeby jakos
dodatkowe
prawdziwy
tablice wiec
ustala gdzie
uczyc
bardzo niemila
pochrzakiwanie
czesto
wysmienicie
kartkowek
nie wyszlo
absolutnie nie
wyobrazac sobie
prezentacje
rojewska
porozmawiasz
zaraz zadam
doczepic
szkoda ten
wiecej punktow
organiczna
cwiczenia ocena
szanse spadaja
na ustnym
zdenerwowal troche
panu nie
zaliczac
radojewskiej url
nie zapyta
drugim kolokwium
unikac jak
szczerze
miec wiedze
smieje
ok kartkowek
czyli
wytlumaczy
jest wielu
wzielo
nikt nie
rada nie
nastepnym roku
doprowadza do
na wqrwialem
lubi jak
zaliczylem robilem
skrawek kartki
bez sensu
temu postowi
jan juszkiewicz
chodzi
tydzien jakies
dobrze zeby
polowy studentow
nie zaliczysz
indeksow godziny
diagnoza pacjent
wyswietlaniu
masz umiec
tydzien nudny
nauki modl
sposobu jaki
szerokim lukiem
kurs powtorkowy
zdenerwowal
studentow uwaza
trzymac
sprawdzal to
wiem skad
wykladowcy robia
poczucia
wyklad mnie
tylko jesli
na dobicie
osobista sprawa
ani nie
nazwisk
bolu wyklad
grubym olowkiem
glowie oblicza
minusa siadasz
zaliczyly
tak szerokim
ale za
dodatek wogole
dosc duzo
masakra zadania
drugiej gabka
niewielkie
nudne ze
poza koloniami
chodzilam
posmiac przeciwnym
jest na
krytycznym
dodam ze
wywoluje
wykladu to
na zadane
sluze pomoca
tragicznie
kurs podstawy
nie wstawia
bo straszy
zadania kartki
redakcja dr
rutkowska
jesli mozesz
ma cwiczen
skonczy
nie unikniesz
cwiczeniach
poprawke ta
do poczucia
smieja
wejsciem
ceglinskiego
sie chodzic
koles tragiczny
wyszlo
uczy jednak
czasami
niesprawiedliwy system
punktow nie
spojrzy
napisze
wyniku zamiast
sie ocierac
za proste
wyciaga srednia
jezeli chodzi
czego
chemie organiczna
wyniki kolokwiow
opowiesci
co dzien
polecenia jedynie
nie zamierza
kolo wpisow
najwiecej
bedziesz juz
odechciewa
szance na
paczenia dostal
siedzisz
zachacza
jesli ktos
sie wyniki
szanuj
pierwszy
sprawdzal
chaotyczny
kolokwiow ciagle
pojecie
jazde chcial
zadnych
je okazywal
straszne
zechce
chociaz troszke
gosciu ma
zwrotami
prze
sie jak
meczy biednych
koncu jest
jak inni
niefajne
mozesz bedziesz
od nowa
zaliczylem
problem zaliczeniem
reszty zadan
skomplikowane
czekalo
tych kartkowek
jesli chcesz
jakim jezyku
bedziesz pisal
naprawde bardzo
matematyczny
troche ludzi
domu oddaje
wykopala mnie
biednych studentow
zanim sie
tak sie
odbywalo sie
wiec obiegach
wykladach
obnizy ocene
mnie kolach
na drugim
liczaca
balagan jednej
nad analna
jednej rece
ktore zdaly
powszechna
na borkach
potem wyciaga
ze ma
byly czesciowo
etc sprawdza
wiedzy
analiza wyklad
co tydzien
tych ktorzy
juz wtedy
nijak
kartkowka
zrobic musialyby
tylko dopiero
twarz jesli
jak masz
porownania na
na jedynie
jest latwo
tablicy bladzi
na obrobce
na niego
ktorym trudno
dni sesji
dziwie
graficzny
marze po
fotomontazem ale
miernikow
nawet proste
mozliwe
nalezy narysowac
normalne godziny
arytmetyczna
trzeba oddac
slajdow
angielskiego nie
dzien pisac
wnioski
oznacza
wtedy wiecej
tylko pani
ma doktora
zastanowilem
ale zadania
wydzial
egzaminie
bardzo na
powinno sie
przy
stad czesto
prawdziwy model
przed
naleza na
poza tym
analiza wyklady
rysuje
ludzi
wytrwalosci
klucic bo
elektroniczne
ja panem
wydziera
ma ogolne
ii radze
zadaniem to
nie opinia
zadam nic
edukacyjny
stronie ksiazce
brak podobno
calkowice
wyjatkiem
jak do
zaliczenia
frekwencji
raz robilismy
lepsza ocene
sluzbista
informatyki
obleje
zalicza
glosu bez
potem pyta
pana sluze
kolokwiach
zeby nie
na postawie
malo nie
wydzial ppt
po nich
nic nie
jest tak
odbyte czyli
nie wnikac
tragiczny
jesli sie
zmienia tresc
umiesz pani
rownania nie
niezle
juz mu
powiem
dzwonic do
zniechecil
ktore powinny
mielismy godziny
uciekac
wie po
ponad indeksow
zjecia
wogole nie
kolokwium ktore
ja cie
warto chodzic
zadaje programy
sie nieco
stopien trudnosci
tych kolokwiow
cwiczen wymaga
jedyne zl
pol punkta
godziny cwiczen
to zrobic
wykladu
byla moja
unikac na
ale jakos
tlumaczy ale
jesli tyklo
co chodzi
trzeba bylo
jaki sie
zadko
nutach sprawdza
to wyslal
czy
kto tak
studentow po
jakies rozszerzone
ksiazce
pkt za
stoi zegarkiem
napluc twarz
zawiera
cos wiecej
robi zadanie
wazna
czym
zaliczen
chodzic
wprowadzenie
punkty ujemne
dodatkowo
wykladowca
kartke trzeba
osoby na
wielokrotnego
ci nie
za stracony
zajec do
nudny na
glownie fotomontazem
na panow
konkretow
najdalej
trudnosci
aktywny kochasz
za duzo
kolokwium
drewna po
napracowac porownaniu
krotko
algebrze jest
za grubym
zadaniami ze
wysokim stopniu
banalne zadania
jesliktos
szalu
na glupie
stanie krytycznym
kolokwia sa
jej grupy
gosciem
jednej
prof powtarza
zajec absurdalny
to pierwsze
prowadzacym
bladzi
sposob oceniania
kazimierz
pani trafisz
jest ntomiast
podstawa
nie wyobrazac
rozszerzone
milutki potrafi
endeeste omijac
drugim twoje
zadaniem
medytowalam posta
ta nie
prowadzi
wielki
te prezentacje
wartosciowego
swoja
jak ma
trzeba duzo
zajecia algebry
troszke
by zaliczyl
cwiczen drugie
typu podaj
ktorzy
powtarzanie
nagimnastykowac
wole nie
ludzi no
mowi jednym
stanowczo
bylo dobrze
sie rysunki
punktow niz
zrobili my
uciekac to
jej
miernictwa
nim nie
trudno jest
komputerowe
mnie na
sie tylko
aaa niego
weglinski
dobra rada
grupami srednim
bardzo dobrze
pokazywal jak
twisted zdecydowanie
ocene czego
nie wie
wiedze
popieprzone analize
by pocwiczyc
kolokwia
osobom ktore
albo nie
poprawia
ocena lepiej
koniec
tak potrafi
zamiast godziny
to jak
dziwne
relacje
kurs angielski
sie juz
na dobra
na analize
sporo nauki
lawce niego
dla porownania
nieziemski
musi napluc
podobal wyklady
zajecia
zerowe
inny wazna
zaliczenia laborem
jest moze
kazdy
to unikaj
sobote od
na emeryturze
na tablice
krotko pan
nim zamiast
ta dostala
luz wtedy
do tej
godny polecenia
co komu
osobnika
duzo na
nie maja
prof ceglinskiego
koloniami wiec
tak trwal
poza
zdobyc
rysowanie
wydziale is
powtarza
ze tego
daruje
dostaje
mozna
twych nie
zdanie
nazwisk etc
wielki blad
jedynie osobom
zasnac
jakos udalo
nudny pokaz
sesji azeby
postowi
lipa ja
ma dobrze
niego nie
jak to
sprawdza bo
na algebrze
osobowosc
olowkiem
wielki problem
powolanie
babka absolutnie
latarki ocena
samym koncu
polecam zadania
mialo problemy
mu nie
chyba ze
sluchac
skryptem na
jest sposob
na stereotypach
chcesz
czegos
zdalo ok
tlumaczy
latarki mowie
uwaza ze
jakbym napisal
sposob bycia
panie endeeste
lubi sie
chyba sobie
dr rojewska
bedzie
wyklady wogole
pojecia
zamierza tym
takie dwa
zdobyc punkty
widzi
pisac jakies
moze ja
lektorat jaki
wielu innych
slajdow gruby
dzwonic
zrobic
zdania
ksiazek
bylo juz
jest juz
obnizy
malcher kazimierz
co mierniki
nie olewaj
sie nie
obiegach nie
kilka osob
co ekonomia
kartki potrafil
patrzy
to prawdopodobnie
teraz nim
terminie jesli
wyslal mnie
opiera sie
kilka rysunkow
gosc na
przepuscil
okolo unikac
bawil sie
analize zalicze
zrobili
sie dodaje
odrazu kaze
wykladowcy
ogolnie okolo
prowadzacy
trzeba robic
godzin ciagu
zadanie tym
zmienia
wkurza
zasady sa
roku poza
samemu lubia
humor jak
prowadzacym co
da minusa
na leborka
sie ze
na temat
opinia na
polowy
zdalo
zajec
powinny sie
nie pamietam
prawdopodobnie
siakos tak
inny uklada
trudne jak
kole jesli
po samym
pani doktor
zapyta
uciekal
sprawdza
jak
ujemne
nie wiem
pana jak
poniewaz
niesamowice
zadania robi
wydaje
wrecz
lzami
lukiem rok
zegarkiem
obecnosci
mozliwe no
na tablicy
ktos robi
ktorego moga
wysoko sie
zanotowac
potrafi genialnie
cie bie
pospisz
sa takie
kursu fotogrametria
co sie
ogolnie ma
trudne chodz
angielski ocena
jazde
zrobic to
punkt za
robi sie
nie nadaje
mowi doslownie
zdaly kolach
mierniki
swoje tyle
zaliczeniem problemow
sie godziny
nudny nie
pamietam zeby
maja sie
rutkowska co
diagnoza
borkach moze
jest bardzo
zadaniach generalnie
do zera
porownywalny zadaniami
to nie
oblicza
kurs jak
za to
rysunki
ktorych stopien
godziny bez
nigdy nie
bywaja takie
grupa smierci
podstawie
wielu
ale trzeba
szloch kurs
jak nawet
slyszal
zalicze system
zrobilam
sobie musi
wiec
chyba niebardzo
bylo tak
slyszal em
sprawa
nudno bo
sa zasadami
ale napisze
jesli masz
takowe
bryja jest
uzbierac
linie nie
kolokwiow
studenci
tego osobnika
modl sie
do egzaminu
tlumaczenia
prokurator na
wyniosla tych
zly to
zeby miec
janicka kurs
sie na
zadanie albo
zbytnio
zadaniu
koszmar tyle
cale zajecia
bierze
tym nie
bo patrzy
iv dla
odpowiada
ogolnie lipa
zadaje
dodaje
niskich
dla niego
jest trudne
dla osob
nim analize
ostatnie
cwiczen nim
tej pani
ii wyklad
osrodki
problemy osobiscie
zechce power
ona wie
glupie gadanie
bajorek dr
uznaje
prowadzony
lecz
niemila dla
niektorych
co miernictwa
masz szans
ktorych chyba
robi na
jezdzil
bedziesz
niczego
skreslil listy
egzaminem
motywuje ten
nie trafialy
szerokim
lepsza
ocenianiem to
gdzie
mija minut
oddac zanim
niebardzo mu
jedynie tylko
potrafi jest
kolach sa
regulki
spotykac
nie masz
nie naciaga
stosunkowo
temi na
caly lektorat
jerzy
dr smieje
ktore robi
marek okreslil
doprowadza
swoje
ilosc osob
frekwencji test
ktore jest
zadania
obecnosc
dogadac ona
istotne dla
tylko na
es na
jedna tych
za darmo
ze
mowi ze
sposob nudny
chodz
jestes facetem
lepiej
pisal takowe
mozecie
testow ktorych
olewaj
na studentow
stwarza
dziwi
je
fotogrametria na
multimedialne techniki
niektorymi
fizyka
podobno
liniowa na
na grupy
nie umiesz
zadania chyba
grozny
minut nie
malo kto
dopiero na
prawdopodobnie by
cale zadanie
do na
janicka
konkretow co
robic uwazam
tolerancji
straszy
programowania bo
niego pytania
cwiczenia co
ale nieee
na samym
osob ktore
ale nie
osiowego nikt
losowo dowodami
na sporo
tlumaczyl
jakos
mowi tak
udalo sie
my powtarzanie
kurs ocena
ci na
idziesz
moze tak
rak na
grozi
na glowe
to na
pisak
post prawdopodobnie
zlecania zadan
ocierac dla
na na
tydzien
jes jakas
no moze
jakiejs
jest wyscig
zagadnieniami
wiem
bardzo osobista
stycznosc facet
gosciu
wyklady
potrafi sie
bawic
posta twisted
lekko
bo uwaza
bajorek
egzaminu to
skrawek
ma trudny
jaki robi
idziesz by
zadanie
kompletnie
zapis
nie spotykac
caloksztalt
za
jego sposob
osie symetrii
postowi ale
kiedy
klucic
bylo nawet
do konca
ze to
jest jego
nie oplaca
pytania sa
do kola
wkrecajac
zajecia pod
kursy ktore
kto ma
obecnosc byc
spowodowana
wlasnie
jednak
poprawke
httpwwwntifpwrwrocplkwazardefaulthtm portali
jest chyba
osoba gdyz
sa typu
lub egzaminu
niej robic
kochasz
nie umie
sposobem
koszmar
mowi jest
tez cio
wqrwialem
mnie jego
mialem nim
poprostu ideal
to bierze
da sie
skala pkt
jednym tonem
wie co
od tego
dzien
osob na
motywuje
zaraz
dobrze
zalezy
wstawia
sie naprawde
zadania co
ja grala
spotykac go
ciagu zajec
poprostu
obecnosc lub
lub na
temat angielskiego
bo marze
kolegow
pokaz
wiecej
tutaj
daje
problemow pokazywal
chyba wogole
bo nie
zadan niego
nawet jak
szanse
ale ja
jest masakra
polega na
ogolnie gdy
mozesz
humoru ogolne
dla studentow
studentow twisted
ci moze
dalej jest
niej
bo sie
nie warto
wyrywaj
sobie ile
po dwa
niby kurs
wlazl
do nich
nie miec
porownaniu do
powtorkowy
budownictwa mial
nie umiala
mowi indywidualna
moze ta
to oznacza
nie mialam
ma sie
tak ta
tym sposobem
ktos ma
prowadzenia
wykresie
nie nie
zasnela
traktatach
majace niego
rada unikac
wymyslne
rece pisak
ale ocenianiem
kiedy to
ja
radze
oddaje
sie domu
jak trafil
em raz
masz dosc
doktor dosc
nie wyniosla
bierze pod
iii terminie
drugiej
unikaj go
zlecania
gdybym takim
uwazam
pt kalk
miala nim
sie ceni
zadaniach
zadania byly
wstanie
wart sie
nigdy sie
jaki miala
mi sie
radnych
wyklad
ma swoj
msci ogolnie
mieli jesli
jesli jestes
dodatek
po ii
bo kto
analiza na
dawka oraz
raz to
ugody na
pomoca jesli
punkty przy
osob kolach
ideal nie
sposobu
ale tak
algebrze
nie daje
wqrwialem to
studentem jes
tragedia student
jest panie
bylo cie
egzamin ale
jakbym
on sprawdza
ii tylko
chyba niego
nie lubi
oceny indeksie
juz
tonem glosu
duzo osob
razie
mial teraz
jak by
dowodami na
odrazu
otwor gwintem
one na
podaj
unikniesz
starac powiem
ocene ogolnie
sie nia
albo punktow
bardzo mi
tak
szans
sie daleka
masz szance
wysokim
zadanie to
nie podpada
fotomontazem
widac dupie
nudno
moze juz
bardzo wysoko
internetowa na
go na
osobiscie
ale na
tlumaczyl ale
potwierdzona
zly
dobicie sam
latarki istna
miernik
robilem kurs
brak ja
szloch
indeksy po
maszyna
my zadania
nadaje
zamierza
ta jest
lubia sie
min stoi
tej
ulamki
trafialy do
egzaminach
liczb
pucharowym
kolach
angielski
dwa kursy
pe analize
studenta
ze spac
olalam gorniaka
to masz
kartki
wyklad co
cwiczen
na tresci
do studenta
srednio osoba
prowadzone jest
mozesz to
malych liczb
drugie kolo
studentow
ktos chce
sie jedna
to tylko
skrypcie
to trzeba
ma bardzo
zdaly
akademii
ma problemy
ii terminie
ocenianiem
szans evil
rok budownictwa
dostawales grupe
srednia
typa na
podstawy
doktora chyba
ekranie
pana juz
juz min
nie wiadomo
bicia osiowego
masz malo
niewiele
na min
meczy
nastepnym
to tez
material jaki
to normalne
osob dla
egzaminu
osob losowo
wyklady byly
opinia ta
tym historia
srednio razy
wyslac
balbalbal poprostu
jozef
za cale
zasady
btw nie
ma inne
samozaparcia
uwaza duzo
trzeba
nie potrafi
to jednym
nei
niby da
momentu bylo
biednych
jest systemem
nie po
byl ja
co masz
dlugopisem
doktora
bo zeby
jednym
sluze
sa trudne
angielskiego
podstawowym
jan miernik
nim pakiety
pogadac
humoru sie
maja tyly
sie gubi
chcial dac
pare osob
na terminie
zakonczeniem laborem
zadam
koncu
np rysowanie
informatyka
drewniany otwor
dra jesli
to dostawales
systemem pucharowym
konca
wyslal
jozef dr
bryja
no lekko
niego jesli
programowaniu
do typa
jezeli
konkretne
studentem
ktore sa
to mielismy
mimo iz
drewna
nie jest
moja
wykopala
trafisz
mija
smierci
osobisty dra
ciagu dni
na ii
tablicy nas
spac nawet
jakas
mieli my
to juz
choc bywaja
cwiczen heh
problemow
drugim kole
grupe potrafi
zrobil chyba
kwazar pod
idzie
unikaj
ktos lubi
naprawde
heh trzeba
ulubione slowa
dostala miare
latarki
trafil sie
zle
napluc
oddal dodam
ktorych
podpada mu
zanim
malo istotne
sa lepsi
jednego
zadana
trudno
postawie
prowadzone formie
tresc zadan
irence znanym
to takie
kontakt
sie temu
wyobrazac
rysowanie gruby
bylo kartke
nie mieli
uczy
niechec
naciaga
to napisac
bez
wnerwiony
stoi
sam ustala
po
zero tragedia
pkt tego
ja by
air kolokwia
pani ta
chyba ok
osob masz
trudne materialy
jego slowa
rowniez
system oceniania
grala chyb
polecenia
rekordowo to
posta
jakies tego
ogolnie
darmo chcialam
ekonomia
osobiste
polecam siakos
reszty
kwazar
niego trafi
kwiat
programy ktore
utwierdzily
paczenia
oplaca
tematyke
do bani
nim bawic
milutki
miare luz
prosto
dac kolo
dawno powinnien
ale kiedy
glupie
robia po
was nie
spadaja
co tyg
napracowac
napisac strone
grube drewniany
podobie
pana na
sie programowac
kto inny
go jak
cos podobie
raz
swoj
bie tez
ze co
httpwwwntifpwrwrocplkwazardefaulthtm
kolo
do ktorego
to bylo
zeby to
to raz
do domu
lektorat
cada jezeli
wkrecajac grube
to ktos
porownywalny
sie miala
zera
siadasz
pacjent
pani na
zasadami
osobisty
wie
zalac
sie pani
smiac sie
bo na
laborem jest
niego jedyne
azeby zalac
osoby ktore
to byla
choc na
na tych
do indeksow
osiowego
oceniania albo
nie do
predkoscia
moze mila
go sluchac
rowniez tym
narysowac
tyle nie
dawniej
linika linie
ma wybor
go omijac
algebra liniowa
skala
losowo
ocena srednia
programowania
byl juz
sie te
mi prokurator
robilismy
historia zlecania
ktore nigdy
dostala
balagan jaki
kto dr
lukiem
jesli
czele
wg pani
em pe
wnikac
trafialy
takim byl
srednio
poniza
kilka
siakos
dobicie
mieli
egzamin
srednim
latwo bo
tez
daleka
ale bierze
hardcore na
indywidualna odbyte
niz
mielismy
slowa gdy
sie mocno
powinnien
proste
ocena unikac
ma ich
kola lub
komu
medytowalam
slowa
bo pani
kursy
na ale
pokazywal
twoje
ciagow
sie bawimy
mialam to
popieprzone
niebardzo
zrobil
sie testem
co robi
tego tematu
super aktywny
endeeste
porownaniu
powerpointa te
multimedialne
robic od
niz raz
nie da
infe lub
wymaga
nie naleza
ognia pani
tym ze
odbywalo
jaki
prokurator
dowod
swoj skrypt
umiec
wpisow
co tym
panem jesli
malo pkt
zeby
na iii
ucza
aktywny
kosmosu
wpisow do
ale naprawde
doslownie
nie powinno
nie powie
od
wyniosla
pytania banalne
bylo trudne
to dla
tym panem
zamiast
tylko
nalezy
powie
nie sa
chcialam
rysunkow
twarz
tyly programowania
sobie
nauki
rekordowo
nich
ocena ogolna
niego bardzo
bawimy
okreslil
takim
jakim
posmiac
skad ten
doktor ma
jedynie
usilnie sie
godziny
powinno
wyniki
nic tych
bawimy glownie
polecam jest
co
programowac bo
pod tablica
cenne godzin
to mironem
osie
niego cenne
kalk
kto
techniki
wspominalem
nowa
do mnie
oraz grupa
oblewa okolo
mierna
musze
powinnien byc
do bolu
chce miare
punkta
emeryturze
nowa twisted
chyba
ok osob
dowodami
godzin
sesji
ocen brak
test na
trudny
choc pkt
tragedia
jestes
to co
uklada
latwo
ta ta
zamiast byl
nie chcialo
ceni
ktora
widac
napisac
on naprawde
podstaw
dst unikac
lepsi
nawet tych
chcialo mi
mianownika bawil
cale godziny
rada jesli
pamietam
wyniku
pan jest
oceniania
olalam
skreslil
nie podobalo
problemy
zadan udalo
to moze
duzo mowic
nudy malo
ktorym
pisane sa
pan doktor
ktorego
genialnie
stopniu
okazywal
sie tego
mowie tu
na to
warto
nikt
gadanie
ta pania
sam nie
nieee no
wysoko
porownania
sie nim
ktos inny
stereotypach
dopiero
umiesz
oraz
na doc
luz
rok
cene mowi
to bardzo
opiera
co do
pan srednio
indeksie
cio
potrafi dodac
innym jest
takie
skad
wymaga by
da
nudne
bywaja
glowie
tego momentu
gruby bez
skrypt na
inz co
nie ma
postawie testow
duzo
samozaparcia by
potrafi
tresci
grala
nas
pani irence
sie mowi
bo mowi
srednio podobal
dobra ocene
wtedy
sie starac
poprawnie
te proste
jestes super
pania
co smiac
nudny
twisted jezeli
gdyz
programowaniu program
oceny
sa to
nim kurs
jedna
no poprostu
cie
ocen tych
ocierac
nia
tematu
jet bardzo
sa punkty
ogolny
powinny
absolutnie
isc na
linika
godzine
wyciaga
jego ciagle
pe sa
pisac
sposob
ma dobry
pani dr
chamska
algebry to
sporo
babka
dorwe tego
da bo
majace
gwintem
drewniany
skrypt linika
to masakra
glosu
godzince
ciagu
dawniej byly
marze
mialem
mowic
naleza
oblewa
niego infe
pani
zadaniami
azeby
tym doktor
ktore
tu
kalkulator
mialam
evil jakbym
potem
robi
zadan
osoby
podpada
analiza
bardzo
osobom
trafi to
polega
jan
analna to
kalkulator wink
wiemy
zadane
ogolna
osobista
zadan glowie
gabka
ma ugody
kartke
grupami
jedyne
osob mialo
oj
nigdy
decydowala
inne
stronie
borkach
rownania
dac punkt
punktow
byc na
model na
to sobote
uwaza
wogole mowi
nic
maja
sie msci
dwoch malych
panow
masz
tyklo
tez hehe
do twych
trudne
podobalo mi
ponad
ocenic
dobra
trafi
dogadac
nad
gwinty balbalbal
dostal
polecam stracilem
dupie ma
caly
na byl
umiala go
panow to
indywidualna
ogolna pan
niemila
kursu
kole to
opinia
normalne
to jest
symetrii
bo
inz
glowe
analize ii
ogolny chaos
indeksow
dodam
niby
iz
do tych
momentu
wiadomo
az do
bylo mam
zadan innym
az
jego
linie
do tylu
algebry
dawka
maria szloch
bawil
laborem
kola
trudne ale
omijac
byc moze
szance
samo
prowadzone
rak
trudne choc
jakies
starac zeby
kurs material
chyb traf
pakiety
kole
takie to
bo to
facetem to
bani
pana po
pania balagan
ogolne
pkt to
terminie
obiegach
doktor
gruby gwinty
stopien
zl
sama forma
sie to
obrobce
pani ci
to jego
napisal
kartke ale
ci
miernik co
absurdalny
post
yellow medytowalam
liliana janicka
dostal em
nudy
osoby majace
nieee
cene jesli
ponoc
doc
pomoca
chyb
gadanie godny
dostawales
student
iii
pana to
mowiac nic
gwinty
ognia
pytania
ma
gdybym
mironem
ilosc
gdy ktos
tego panu
indeksy
kaze
ktorego on
robic
grupa
ulubione
ale sama
fotogrametria
ocena mierna
url httpwwwntifpwrwrocplkwazardefaulthtm
srednia url
ile robi
by skreslil
kaze isc
te chociaz
albo albo
mnie to
glownie
banalne
dawno
pan marek
koles
to malo
bo jest
dodac
dla marnego
ustala
istotne
mu
na
budownictwa
chemie
oddal
terminach prof
spac
rund
po min
chcialo
lawce
nie bylo
gorniaka
on nigdy
osoba
unikac
po co
trwal
to da
problem
facet potrafi
no chyba
leborka
em bo
do tego
nawet
wybor bo
sama
punkt
dr inz
polecam bo
nie
pe
tablica
niego
infe
ktos
chcial
stracony nudny
temat
cos
system srednio
ma mowy
roku
tych nutach
udalo
mowie
lubia
terminie to
dlatego chyba
dorwe
ocena to
temu
osob
mowiac
formie
drugie
temi
panie
bolu
mial
ponadto
panu
to mowi
rada
marnego
skryptu
blad
mimo
dal mi
oddac
skryptem
programowac
panem
my
co by
latwe ale
sie do
wyboru
moga
by od
musialyby
blad olalam
inni
modl
ten post
pyta cale
drugim
bicia
moze
tego pana
mocno
chaos balagan
usypiac malo
rysowane
na co
oto
em az
beata
mnie
mnie tym
ani
stanie
miec tym
materialy
pol
wg
trudny system
tyg jest
stracilem
pyta
nie oddal
analna
dosc
co one
teraz
robilem
samo inny
byly ponoc
pod uwage
tylu
okolo
troche
power
udalo mi
nie polecam
by wtedy
ma to
dupie
umiala
jest
marek to
wiadomo co
planow
wogole
sie ten
chce
pana
dr
wink lubi
unikac tego
darmo
is sposob
by duzo
innym
otwor
mowy
gosc
robia
test pytania
mowi
power cos
idealnie
analize niby
by
programy
miala
mianownika
to samo
osob byl
punkty
mi choc
totalna
tablicy wink
polecam mi
twych
latwe
facetem
green latwo
nic tym
bylo
do
lub cos
lubi hardcore
ii
bo tym
sie
dobry
pare
cada
by to
dwoch
pkt
byla
trafil
ustnym
marek
kurs
humoru to
tablice
lubi
nim
cyt
chociaz
doktor jet
listy
sie on
tyle razy
algebra
grup
do innych
mam
typa
istna
tych
analize
te
koloniami
iv
dalej
miec
sobote
ppt
dodac dwoch
wart
typu
dobry humor
wyscig
ps
domu
nie wart
dni
ciagle robi
samym
on skryptem
musi
wybor
twisted gdybym
wole
dla
grupy
to by
testow
albo
lipa
innych
es
tablicy
tego
stracony
mialo
program pt
to to
doc ma
balbalbal
hardcore
pisane
masakra
material
usypiac
jest on
jes
polecam go
choc
umie
to do
prof
to
podobalo
tonem
mam ale
polecam
dr jest
grupe
ocena
lat
go
trwal em
potrafil
dr maria
ta
sali
grubym
chaos
to lub
ok
uwage
wogole ale
tresc
myslal em
analize evil
malo
dac
systemem
bie
program
usilnie
pan to
tyle
balagan
humoru
lub
generalnie nie
borkach co
skrypt sam
testem
cenne
ntomiast
polecam co
ona
aaa
by mi
dlatego
godny
dwa
terminach
tablicy ale
brak
internetowa
min polecam
koles do
url sa
malych
lat ale
bycia chociaz
myslal
is
razy co
podobal
rece
powerpointa
pisal
samemu
wink
razy bo
dst
smiac
nieeeeeeee
no
to ci
test
no ale
starac
cale
ugody
inni ale
to caly
pod
byc
liniowa
mysle to
traf
jet
twisted color
strone internetowa
sa
forma
napisal co
color
ich
sam robi
byly latwe
gruby
byly
mu on
nieco
humor
maria
jest test
sensu
mila
np
gubi
ideal
yellow
tyg
nutach
gdy
twisted
ciagle
testy
pt
dr beaty
em
beaty
was
generalnie koles
ocen
to pan
nawet was
tym
tego co
by byc
minusa
razy
mi
pan
byl
takie testy
portali
cene
green
model
ale
byl em
mila ale
btw
ten pan
odbyte
super
dr liliana
tyly
min
malcher
hehe no
historia
dra
liliana
inny
em do
skrypt
bycia
grube
facet
byly zero
sam
hehe
dal
msci
system
by dal
minut
evil color
on
evil
stad
heh
color yellow
url
ten
etc
byl dal
ocene
by byl
air
idealnie green
irence
miare
strone
mysle
generalnie
one
zero
byl miare
isc
ile