wszystek prowadzic
czesi pisemny
byc przygotowac
rozgrzewka nieobecnosc
przedostatni zajecei
zaliczec obecnosc
poniewaz zaliczyc
zajecia rozgrywac
kartkowka wszystek
zupelnosc powyzszy
wszystek obecnosc
dobrze zaokraoglyc
nieobecnosc spozniec
nastepny nieobecnosc
miec zaliczc
zajecei robic
wszystek kartkowka
mial nieobecnosc
sprawozdanie radzic
prowadzic nastepujacy
zajeci przydatny
prowadzacy cwiczenie
nastepujacy sposobadawac
czytac wszystek
srednio zapisywalo
obecnosc obowiazkowy
radze uczyc
podstawa przygotowac
przedostatni zajeci
zaliczec ten
oczywiscie pawac
zaliczec test
sie zaliczec
wszystek byc
przeczytac obojetnie
zbytnio przyszlosc
zaliczenie byc
zaliczec program
koncowy zaliczec
byc wyrywkowy
zaliczec referat
zaliczec praca
prowadzic wlasnie
zaokraoglyc na
forma zaliczec
zostawac ulozyc
sesja przepadac
wszystek pozno
doliczac sie
wlasnie zaborski
wejsciowka sprawozdan
trzba napisac
przygotowac lista
zajecia wygladaj
nie wypowiadac
organizacj zajmowal
podstawa zostawac
opuscic zajecia
zrobic kartkowka
rozwiazywac jakis
zaliczec koncowy
obowiazuc ktory
sredni kartkowka
miary bezstresowo
ocena wejsciowka
zajecia czytac
byc dopuszczony
ksiazka rozwiazywac
czytac ksiazka
zaliczec na
miec wlaczony
pozno wybrac
przyklad wykladow
czfizyczny prowadzic
przerobic skrypt
pomoca jesli
zajecia sprawdzac
nieobecnosc trzeba
nieobecnosc kazdy
spozniic spoznienie
nieobecnosc to
analityczny cwiczenie
podstawa wprowadzic
nastepny ocena
zaliczc trzy
robic sprawozdanie
wiekszosc czytac
wpisywac inz
kartkowka doliczac
jeden nieobecnosc
bodajze pytan
wszystek lub
rownan rozniczkowy
przygotowac biznes
sie zblaznic
wyklada infy
zajecie oceniac
cwiczenie wiec
kolokwium zaliczeniowy
jesli wiec
poniewaz byc
sie zglaszajcie
wypowiadac bo
sredc ocena
ahao powiedziec
uwaga obecnosc
pisemny ustny
zblaznic niz
inz poniewaz
wyrywkowy na
mianowicie miec
analityczny cw
trzeba przerobic
starczyc byc
tlumaczyc co
rozwiazac reszta
pytan jednokrotny
lacznac widzial
przepadac ty
jakis organizacj
byc prezentacja
to wszystek
przecietnie co
algorytm rozwiazac
sie zabierac
na zaliczec
sposobadawac problem
zajecia trzeba
eit czfizyczny
lista obowiazuc
mialam pojecia
pytac duzo
radzic robic
on siatkowke
domagarowy pozdrawiac
testowy jednokrotny
sie zupelnosc
wykreslny doktor
robic recznie
nie radzic
zglaszajcie do
filozofia starczyc
ktos mial
sie uczyc
rozgrywac byc
nie programowac
tydzien wczesnie
jankowski elzbieta
martynkien tadeusz
krzysztof rohleder
zaliczyc es
za wszystek
co zajecie
domowy srednio
szmajdzinski czy
zabierac do
koncowy czesi
bo zawitac
zdawac sie
niemieckojezyczny na
mozna robic
prowadzic rozgrzewka
kolokwia prezentacja
spoleczny inny
cizman agnieszka
pomaranczowy rewolucja
nastepna ocena
byl sredc
nie zaliczyc
sprawozdanie regularnie
trzeba odrabiac
geometria wykreslny
on wyklada
kolo wszystek
dotyczyc wyklad
sluze pomoca
dobrze oddawac
on uczyc
wykladow na
ps przypadek
trzeba zaliczyc
jesli ktos
zajecia doktor
zaliczyc kurs
zaokraoglyc
to niezdazyc
zaliczyc kolo
elzbieta dr
mozny napisac
nieorganiczny wyklad
projektowy byc
ktos chciec
geometria rysunek
wypowiadac
programowac es
kolokwium koncowy
notowac tez
wykonac wedlug
czas przecietnie
przyklad opic
nieorganiczny cw
uczyc nie
poprawkowy miec
ale preferowac
nieorganiczny ii
biotechnologia wiec
wszystko aktywnosc
przygotowac
gierczak profesor
mozny pisac
wozniak wladyslaw
zaliczyc em
temat pomaranczowy
pytanie zdawac
pojecia co
nie wpisywac
zajmowal sie
mozny dostac
ii cwiczenie
aby zaliczyc
wiedziec co
spoznienie to
plan domaradzkiy
zeby miec
zaliczc
ja polecac
powiedziec to
mozna miec
nie wiedziec
duczmal chemia
radze scigac
odrabiac ten
konkretny pomysl
przypadek ten
bezstresowo on
na cwiczenia
przy oddawac
uczyc sie
jakis zadanka
przyszlosc
obecnosc aby
wladyslaw artur
jesli malo
zwany ksia
omowil algorytm
nawet jesli
matematyczny wiec
zajec prowadzic
widlicki magdalena
kartkowka oraz
byc troche
algebro geometria
napisac krotka
tematyka wyklad
kartkowka sprawka
kazda mozny
jak poszedl
podstawa rownan
sniady egzamin
zapisywalo sie
zajecei
obecnosc ale
koncowy byl
spozniec wpis
algebry geometria
to sprawozdanie
wyklada na
wyklad elementow
nastepujacy
nic powiedziec
niezdazyc ja
ocena koncowy
preferowac byc
zaliczec
ja lacznac
kazdy nastepny
kolokwiac kazdy
wyklad chemia
oddawac protokol
podstawa obecnosci
wprowadzic do
borkowski burnecka
mial czysty
my powiedziec
zapisywalac sie
sprawdzac obecnosc
mozna zapomniec
obecnosc prowadzic
nieobecnosc
potrafic pytac
kazdy nastepnie
gdy zapisywalac
egzamin poniewaz
niz powiedziec
powiedziec em
cwiczenie size
albo wczesnie
rohleder fizykac
zglaszajcie
wygladaj tak
dwa zajecie
aktywnosc obecnosc
trzmiel justynac
mloda czlowiek
oddawac program
wyklad geometria
wyklad fizyka
ksero ktory
obecnosc na
wlaczony komputer
wydzial elektronik
niemiecki coz
chemia analityczny
podczas oddawac
malo obecnosc
obecnosc byc
na wyklada
protokol cwiczenie
na zajecia
umiec idza
filozofia spoleczny
jakis sekunda
kolo nalezec
to sredni
zawitac em
em prowadzacy
sie kartkowka
do sprawozdan
odpowiedz zly
sterta charakterystyka
wyrywkowy
rozgrywac
nastepnie na
program koncowy
kartkowka bylo
pierwszy zajecia
definicja wykres
miary omowil
nalezec oddac
calkowici sie
siatkowke
reszta zajec
skrypt choc
fizykac ii
niemieckojezyczny
dzik malgorzata
mozna opuscic
rozniczkowy
statyka wyklad
tez spozniic
zaliczeniowy
na wydzial
przydatny bo
chemia nieorganiczny
jeszcze kolokwium
trzy kartkowka
pierwszy zajecie
pan powtorkowy
dziala takze
sprawozdanie na
sprawozdanie dobrze
obecnosc raz
kazdy zajecia
idza dac
kazdy nastepna
technologia chemiczny
zajecie pierwszy
walkowiakiem
takze jakis
ii wyklad
srednio raz
notatka wyklad
polegac zjawisko
juza semestra
koniec bodajze
scigac pan
dopuszczony do
wyklad wyklad
sposobadawac
oddawac on
wedlug konkretny
za prowadzak
na obecnosc
marka duczmal
na przedostatni
wszystek
ktos inny
on przejsce
obojetnie jaki
zblaznic
laborka byc
jesli nie
elzbieta
wykreslny
zgoda mozna
miec byc
poszedl po
rozgrzewka minuta
kolo trzba
ksiazka do
ocene skladac
tadeusz doktor
elementow biotechnologia
wiec matematyka
minister szmajdzinski
to pogadanka
okolica sesja
na sprawozdanie
miec korzystac
chciec miary
kurs algebro
kurs powturkow
dudek lubic
sprawozdan to
dwa kolokwia
elementow programowanie
obowiazuc
burnecka lub
kazac sobac
charakterystyka wzor
doliczac
po uniwerek
jednokrotny wybor
podstawa ocena
kurs oczywiscie
do domagarowy
powturkow na
gierczak
kartkowka zadanie
miec sprawdzic
powiedziec on
pierwszy sprawozdanie
matematyka miec
cos ksiazka
kraj niemieckojezyczny
niby miec
ten kartkowka
wejsciowka
zupelnosc
lub kolokwium
biotechnologia na
wyrazic zgoda
geometria analityczny
na zajecie
pomaranczowy
przecietnie
obowiazkowy
juszkiewicz doktor
dokladnie definicja
zwracac uwage
kartkowka program
para deblowy
prowadzic labork
pogadanka typ
powtorkowy analize
dwa kolokwiac
byc automatyk
analityczny analiza
robic na
chemia organiczny
krzysztof
bez konsekwencja
kartkowka sa
laborke infy
trzeba robic
nie byc
agnieszka mgr
bauer joanna
organizowaniem spotkan
zrobic cos
na biotechnologia
lubic bilard
wilhelma na
na wydzal
wczesnie
matematyczny ii
przerobic
zjawisko comptono
wyklad sie
tlumaczyc
pan samoobrona
szmajdzinski
dotyczyc laborka
nie przydac
wydzal metr
punkt kartkowka
dac sie
ktory znac
ahao koniecznie
metoda obwodowy
na emeryture
wiekszosc
sobac gadac
tak zwany
infy laborke
przepadac
raz ktos
rozwiazywac
domaradzkiy
czas zrobic
semestra mial
ale mozna
powyzszy opinia
pan czyza
warto chodzic
dzien wpsia
byc kilka
byc za
dzial kazdy
zabierac
ocena wystawiac
nie pisac
labork nieorganicznej
nie caly
dra wilhelma
byc moc
punkt kolokwium
laborka elementow
kazdy byc
do napisac
uniwerek kara
zaliczyc
wladyslaw
miec sie
znac przynajmniej
rok isc
miec tylko
koniec robic
zostawiac materialy
byc zapowiedziac
zawitac
robic test
kolo napisac
wyklad profesor
punkt ksero
napisac cos
wiec tak
brac pod
kolokwium forma
przydac ja
isc na
trzeba przeczytac
wyklad pan
co mozna
wybrac
mozny nie
wyklada
prowadzic przez
kilka dzial
zajecia
przypadek
pytac kod
fizyka ii
magdalena dr
egzamin caloroczny
do ktos
ktory byc
polecac english
dwa mozny
byc jeszcze
jak caly
wykladow
wprowadzic
nie radze
nastepny
zajeci
ostatni prowadzic
starczyc
wyklad na
przez ktos
cenic siebie
jak ktos
to przyznac
wiec nigdy
praca mozny
zwany kola
zly jeden
ja zdac
bezstresowo
nie miec
choc nie
ii miec
kosz za
prowadzic zgodnie
napisac program
dostac jeden
poprawiac kolo
czysty konto
nie lubic
co tydzien
czyza nie
skladac sie
ten podstawa
uczyc
pan sluze
byc na
profesor arch
patrzec na
tydzien albo
kazdy jakis
jednokrotny
to brac
pojecia
inny brak
programowac
zajecie
pomysl na
przyklad minister
notowac
wiec pisze
oceniac tylko
ten dzial
na wyklad
oddawac
zdac em
nastepnie
raz mozna
justynac mgr
recznie dopiero
wzor uklad
problemowy na
nawet tydzien
prowadzic sa
duczmal
zaborski
zapic sie
ktory niby
powodzenie
byc test
powiedziec
wystawiac sa
sie skrypt
zaliczenie
ulozyc para
byc em
aktywny na
chodzic na
tydzien jak
sam byc
ze dzielic
wiec nie
malgorzata mgr
byc kolo
pierwszy poprawkowy
do tablica
czas patrzec
byc turniej
egzamin mozny
odpowiedz przy
caly ten
ja byc
pisac po
wlasnie
czesi
cwiczenia
para kazac
pisac em
malo umiec
na przyklad
odrabiac
troche podobny
urbanski to
byc po
za wykres
autentycznie sam
konkretny wzor
co polegac
cwiczenie
technika podst
na tydzien
typ opow
sam tydzien
ja mial
spozniec
wlaczony
za definicja
do eit
byc prowadzic
za kazda
sniady
wykres za
kolo byc
testowy pytanie
doktor uwaga
poniewaz
odpowiedz to
dzielic na
oraz odpowiedz
wydzial
to potrafic
byc bez
miec em
pani byc
czas zapytac
sprawozdanie
wygladaj
przydatny
duzo niz
prowadzic razem
byc egzamin
pisemny
semestr kosz
jedynie wyklad
zadanie testowy
projekt miec
sprawdzac czas
pawac
zajmowal
dobry odpowiedz
wpisywac
byc forma
chodzic do
radzic
zerowy termin
przy tablica
gadac na
zgadzac sie
sredni
sie wf
byc to
dopuszczony
ty zerowy
koniec byc
spoznienie
cizman
miec jeden
ale sprawdzac
konto dostawal
jesli
aktywnosc
miec co
uwaga nie
tadeusz
zdawac
osoba aktywny
sie zgadzac
na podstawa
fizykac
doktor inz
definicja za
wozniak
es zapic
biotechnologia
rozgrzewka
poszedl
czfizyczny
prezentacja power
domowy na
prezentacja na
zajec wolny
laboratorium prowadzic
materialy na
zostawac
do robota
em doca
problem wychodzic
oczywiscie
niezdazyc
egzamin testowy
miec ten
algebry
on lubic
analityczny
my zadawal
koncowy
srednio
pan urbanski
na eit
wiedziec
trzeba miec
juszkiewicz
prowadzacy
dr inz
ustny to
kreslic po
pod uwaga
on wykonac
miec tu
algebro
pytanie problemowy
tekst tematyka
przejsce
eit mgr
zadanie projektowy
on konkretny
sprawdzic egzamin
calkowici
na konsultacja
nie mialam
semestr byc
sprawdzac byc
fizyka kolo
kolo plusik
nieorganiczny
kartka ale
opic na
mial pan
mianowicie
byc angielski
zapisywalo
lacznac
trzeba byc
obwodowy
sprawozdan
deblowy
bodajze
miec metr
pokaz slajd
charakterystyka
sredc
list miec
problem miary
na technologia
na zadany
byc dwa
chemiczny
nastepna
joanna dr
do stronica
przedostatni
nalezec
oprocz zadanie
to ocena
na filozofia
ksiazka
na ocene
to okolica
ii tylko
spotkan na
na kartka
obecnosc
pawlak
ochota sie
mial on
termin statyka
scigac
hab inz
brak byc
to sprawdzac
bryszewski
organizacj
lubic zadanie
teoria obwod
indeks byc
trzba
gladyc
doktor wyrazic
powtorkowy
miec on
kurs filozofia
rewolucja
polski ale
krotka list
artur dr
nieorganicznej
ocena na
inf wyklad
kartkowka
system oceniac
polecac
wf nie
doktor dudek
oprocz to
uwage na
czlowiek
rysunek
burnecka
skrypt to
pogadanka
jednak byc
semestr miec
obojetnie
oceniac od
prowadzak
on zwracac
zadanie domowy
konsekwencja
kurs geometria
dotyczyc kurs
mgr inz
lubic osoba
powyzszy
to sterta
zapisywalac
preferowac
dopiero sesja
powturkow
borkowski mgr
justynac
kolo fizyka
zapowiedziac czas
analiza matematyczny
oddac projekt
spozniic
zadawal problem
agnieszka
zgadzac opinia
omowil
metr fizyka
raczej notatka
samoobrona
kara kreslic
dostawal wpis
zlo pkta
trzmiel
wydzal
spoleczny
ksero
wedlug
magdalena
ocena ten
sie zbytnio
semestr zimowy
wilhelma
kolokwia
zadany temat
po polski
uniwerek
zadanka albo
widlicki
domagarowy
automatyk ale
na ii
opinia dotyczyc
algorytm
rozwiazac
ahao
martynkien
tablica on
elektronik wiec
kurs chemia
malgorzata
widzial on
skrypt raczej
specjalny ochota
kolokwium
ocena dol
minuta organizowaniem
kolokwiac
pozdrawiac
prowadzic filo
rownan
wpsia pan
sprawdzac on
emeryture
caloroczny
zrobic
wyklad
recznie
moc raz
co prawda
przyklad
nie moc
tak ze
robic
czysty
pytac
dla pan
zwany
wykres
czy sa
kosz
do kurs
pierwszy kolo
to bardzo
programowanie
lub jeden
czyza
coz
mozny
moc nic
zeby
zajec
pomysl
moc tak
sie do
praca lub
to za
ktos
aktywny
co jak
es na
do punkt
projektowy
to trzeba
napisac
ten rok
po prosty
zly
do kolo
do technika
uklad
testowy
sie dobry
problemowy
arch
prezentacja
cenic
byl tez
on tylko
isc
ja sie
jak sie
choc
drugi kolo
jakis
znac
niby
organiczny
power point
konsultacja
czytac
zjawisko
em dra
na poziom
potem kolo
sa dobrze
poprawiac
no sa
aby jednak
pytan
co my
na kolo
jak to
test na
program na
dac
kazac
to chyba
zimowy
doca
test tak
poprawkowy
jaki tekst
kazdy raz
ale dopiero
tydzien
jak doktor
odpowiedz
brac
co do
co malo
pomoca
od do
caly
uwaga
na termin
za kazdy
tylko raz
em ten
kolo moc
na tak
to po
nie docent
ten pan
na komputer
przed wszystko
autentycznie
kolo drugi
tu problem
czy na
bardzo nie
organizowaniem
definicja
raz czy
na pierwszy
patrzec
liczba czy
umiec
na jeden
zerowy
domowy
sa metoda
po zadanie
pytanie przy
forma test
na moj
do pytanie
jeden punkt
na para
mozna
duzo
inny
to punkt
raz pierwszy
juza
na kazdy
ale na
urbanski
dzial
drugi semestr
biznes plan
sa jeszcze
dopiero jak
niz raz
on system
takze
skladac
czy dwa
opow
em na
na wniosek
ten sam
program wszystko
albo po
bauer
lubic
ksia
po ten
cos na
okolica
sie nie
sa co
na punkt
pan profesor
nigdy nie
dzik
to co
inz
wpr
technologia
fizyka
list lub
kartka
przydac
kazdy kazdy
slajd
kazdy po
wpis jak
cw
opic
matematyczny
podst
polski
zdac
pan doktor
gdyby nie
przez semestr
sekunda
sa na
byc
mial
na co
jeden list
size doktor
do maks
miec
kazda
filozofia
point okolo
joanna
obwod
dziala
wiec
na temat
po indeks
po drugi
dudek
ten test
sluze
geometria
wpis na
tylko przez
moj miasto
przeczytac
sprawka
eit
na koniec
jankowski
artur
pisac
jeden brak
raz na
rok nawet
ten pani
egzamin trzeba
radze
na ten
raz ale
tylko protokol
on temat
ulozyc
na liczba
sam to
po wpis
kilka slow
prawda na
dzien
gadac
tematyka
jeszcze zadanie
koniecznie sie
borkowski
co to
termin to
matematyka
wykonac
minuta raz
pytanie to
chyba raz
idza
poziom kraj
chemia
bo to
dostac
plan albo
moj opinia
miary
na dwa
test wybor
zwracac
troche
em on
wf
konkretny
english file
prosty sie
plusik
sie on
opinia na
on trzeba
on egzamin
zapic
dokladnie
podstawa
tez do
sobac
kolo jak
kolo egzamin
kolo trzeba
dzielic
siebie przed
pierwszy ostatni
kurs semestr
pani kurs
laborke
sie minuta
kazdy chyba
metr specjalny
kod podczas
materialy
statyka
zgodnie plan
sesja
regularnie
jeden pytanie
robota
em juz
test ktory
ten przedmiot
oprocz
pan jedynie
koniec nie
pozno
niemiecki
potrafic
metr ten
wolny zwykle
wystawiac
laborka
krotka
ustny
reszta
przyznac
chciec
wyrazic
skrypt
ochota
mialam
korzystac
uwage
pisze on
polegac
infy
okolo pytanie
chodzic
zwykle praca
zadanie na
podobny do
razem profesor
przynajmniej na
labork
na on
witac
prowadzic
radoy
dostawal
pozdro
koniec to
temat czas
albo referat
obecnosci
bylo on
spotkan
on suma
tablica
chyba jeden
sterta
pytanie kazdy
ocena
doktor hab
on ten
kreslic
on raz
protokol to
ocene
zgadzac
widzial
wybor od
pkta
rohleder
sprawdzac
zgoda
test spra
opuscic
semestra
zadany
wychodzic
oceniac
zadanka
em spokoj
najpierw kazdy
sprawdzic
zapytac
mloda
opinia kolega
brak ten
raz semestr
bilard
automatyk
oddac
zapomniec
stronica
doktor inf
elementow
notatka
dotyczyc
zadawal
comptono
punkt zlo
chyba zadanie
zapowiedziac
ii
juz koniec
juz semestr
zostawiac
wpsia
zbytnio
semestr juz
my
program
moj
potem
przy
profesor
dla
projekt
system
bardzo
kod
praca
para
czas
doktor
dr
czy
sie
kara
moc
miasto
wszystko
test
dobrze
em
tekst
dobry
problem
es
kurs
nic
oraz
tylko
komputer
lub
jak
technika
power
nie
od
ja
za
nigdy
teoria
warto
na
tak
do
no
turniej
kraj
pierwszy
size
poziom
trzeba
konto
biznes
docent
file
jeszcze
minister
rok
pod
pan
to
angielski
plan
pisze
indeks
sa
list
english
okolo
lista
aby
ze
metoda
ale
laboratorium
po
tu
byl
bo
elektronik
drugi
forma
zgodnie
prosty
malo
wniosek
bez
marka
termin
analize
niz
ten
co
przed
slow
przez
maks
analiza
point
ty
ps
referat
on
typ
punkt
razem
prawda
zwykle
jaki
koniecznie
sam
liczba
ktory
wpis
albo
temat
wzor
opinia
cos
nawet
pytanie
podczas
jedynie
suma
protokol
siebie
jednak
gdy
kola
minuta
mgr
wolny
jeden
tez
pani
bylo
dol
dwa
kazdy
osoba
kolega
metr
kolo
egzamin
zadanie
raz
kilka
trzy
chyba
wybor
zlo
dra
juz
ostatni
specjalny
brak
przedmiot
raczej
pokaz
przynajmniej
spokoj
dopiero
najpierw
koniec
semestr
filo
hab
inf
gdyby
podobny
spra