napracowac porownaniu
wytrwalosci zaliczyc
ktore zaliczyly
zyczyc wytrwalosci
wysminiecie przygotowujacych
podsumowujac jesli
ciagle pochrzakiwanie
cwiczeniach zawrotna
prowadzacy utwierdzily
zaliczyly wiekszosc
mozna przerywac
mocno wygimnastykowac
zniechecil niektorych
zaliczeniem problemow
beznadziejne zdawalnosc
wkrecajac srube
niefajne zniechecil
porownywalny zadaniami
zaliczeniem dosc
zaliczylem robilem
czesciowo poprzednich
cwiczeniach myslal
chociaz troszke
jest porownywalny
ogolne podejszcie
wyklady niezrozumiale
bezposrednio stycznosc
inny zaliczylo
sie przygotowywac
rowniez zajecia
jesli zabraknie
wygimnastykowac pani
zaliczeniem kolokwia
moze podyktowac
niezle napracowac
zaliczyla kolokwiach
zajeciach nastepnym
wzgledem cwiczen
nieprzyjazne wykladowca
wzielo przyklady
nieprzystepna plotkuje
cokolwiek zanotowac
beznadziejne beznadziejna
zajakniecia sie
zadnuch zaliczen
beznadziejne beznadziejne
jesli mozesz
wiekszosc kartkowek
zawrotna predkoscia
przyjemnosc miec
calkowice nieprzyjazne
przechodzic przyspieszony
kolokwia niespodziewajki
bardzo niesprawiedliwy
pochrzakiwanie doprowadza
przygotowywac potem
szalu zaliczeniem
narysowac wybrzuszenie
jakies zaliczenie
niezrozumialy przepisuje
zaliczenie wykladu
jesli ktos
rowniez trudnosci
straszy wyrzuceniem
poszczegolnych zajec
tylu wzgledem
zaliczenia mozna
wyklad beznadziejny
wartosciowego kolokwia
zaliczyc wogole
egzaminu wlasciwie
kolach zaliczylo
godzince wykrelscie
studenta nieprzyjazne
przerwac polzdania
zaliczaniem poszczegolnych
najwieksza motywacja
wlasciwie zerowe
zachacza zaliczenie
zaliczyc generalnie
beznadziejne ogolne
wychodzilem znerwiony
jezdzil zwlaszcza
nauczyc niebardzo
zaliczyl ale
wszechwiedzaca na
wrecz chamska
zdziwcie sie
zdobyc punkty
odrobce wykopala
decydowala rowniez
podyktowac zadanie
jest nieprzystepna
rysowane wkrecajac
przygotowujacych wnioski
zrobic musialyby
bez zajakniecia
wyklad niezrozumialy
wyklady cwiczen
wykladu wyklady