prowadzic niezrozumiale
kolokwiac niespodziewajka
wysminiecie przygotowujacy
rozwijajacy przygotowac
zaliczyc wiekszosc
zaliczanie poszczegolny
przynajmniej potrafic
rozwiazywac zadanie
przeszkadzana zajecie
pozaostawac zyczyc
wyklad niezrozumiac
zaliczyc kolokwia
prowadzic zajecie
przechodzic przyspieszony
beznadziejny kolokwia
szczegolnie poczatk
wyklada niezrozumiale
przygotowujacy wniosek
niewspodziewajek egzamin
beznadziejny zdawalnosc
drobniejy szczegoly
trudnosci zapowiedziac
odradzac jakikolwiek
powiedziec tak
zaliczyc tak
przyczepic jesliktos
nieprzyjazny wykladowca
przepisowac zadanie
kartkowka przyczepiac
podyktowac zadanie
cokolwiek zanotowac
zdecydowanie odradzac
przeznaczyc dla
nieprzystepna plotkowac
zaliczenie poza
przeczytac dom
niewielki wprowadzic
chodzic drobniejy
przyjemnosc miec
przyczepic sie
rozwiazac niektory
unikniesz pozaostawac
prowadzic zajecia
oszczednosc kazdy
pierwszy cwiczenia
przydadzic na
przerwac polzdanie
potrafic wykorzystac
calkowica nieprzyjazny
przyczepiac do
przygotowywac potem
przez wiekszosc
zapowiedziac nie
kiedy przyjsc
powiedziec krotko
skonczyc zadanie
rozmawiac nie
przynajmniej polowy
beznadziejny ogolny
szybko niewyrazc
zaliczyc osoba
pochrzakiwanie doprowadzac
raczej przepisowac
zdawalnosc kolokwi
przyczepiac sie
koniec zaliczyc
powiedziec tez
zaliczyc podstawa
przyjsc do
zaliczec kolokwiac
fizykac cwiczenie
przysiasc nad
zaliczenie mozna
chciec zaliczyc
ciezko dowiedziec
zaliczyc na
potrafic wytumaczyc
wyklad beznadziejny
najwiekszi motywacja
predkosc rozwiazowac
dowiedziec zawsze
to przeczytac
wszystek wykladowca
bezposrednio stycznosc
rzez potrafic
elektryczny dawac
potrafic wytlumaczyc
zapisywac nazwisko
miec przyjemnosc
beznadziejnie diagnoza
nie dziwiedziec
na poczatek
powiedzial zadc
na ksiezyc
zapis konstrukcja
student szczegolnie
zaliczyc wogole
iz odpowiadac
szansa zrozumiec
potrafic przyczepic